---
description: Release Notes for the May 10, 2018 release.
seo-description: Release Notes for the May 10, 2018 release.
seo-title: May 10, 2018
solution: Experience Manager
title: May 10, 2018
uuid: ce88484a-a8ac-41f3-bfbd-e15872a657de
index: y
internal: n
snippet: y
translate: y
---

# May 10, 2018


## New Features {#section_syx_mdt_wcb}

The following features are new in the production version of this release:

**Privacy Requests (GDPR-ready)**. The following new features were added to Livefyre to allow users to generate access reports and to accommodate delete, opt-out, and opt-in requests:
* **New Privacy tab in Settings.** You can use this tab to generate and view reports for users on whwhat personal data has been collected about them and provided to Livefyre. You can also generate opt-in and opt-out requests and delete accounts and all personal data associated with an account.
* **Javascript Flags.** You can use Javascript flags to avoid tracking site visitors and add custom privacy text to video masks. 

    * When a site visitor opts out, the customer implementation must indicate to Livefyre that the user has opted out before instantiating an App. Livefyre has created a way to do this with the JavaScript option, ` userPrivacyOptOut`. For more on how to use ` userPrivacyOptOut`, see [](../c_gdpr_compliance/c_gdpr_compliance.md#section_nmz_q3n_3db).

      When the ` userPrivacyOptOut` flag is set to true, any Apps on the page will not transmit data to Livefyre servers by using cookies or another method. Livefyre will then not update local storage with data that could be used to track site visitors. If a source doesn't support a proxy, then Livefyre displays a mask on the content unless a user clicks on the video and approves the potential tracking from that source.

    * You can change the warning text that displays on video masks. If a source does not support a proxy, then Livefyre displays this text and a mask on the content unless a user clicks on the video and approves the potential tracking from that source. For more about how to change the warning text, see [](../c_gdpr_compliance/c_gdpr_compliance.md#section_pb5_mnp_ldb).
    * If you use your own custom videos and players as part of the videos that display in a Livefyre visualization App, you can whitelist your video domain. Whitelisting your video domain removes the video mask for your custom videos and players. For more about how to whitelist a video, see [](../c_gdpr_compliance/c_gdpr_compliance.md#section_bzp_pnp_ldb).




For more information on how to generate privacy requests that are GDPR-ready, see [](../c_gdpr_compliance/c_gdpr_compliance.md#concept_q1l_r5s_rcb)

## Issues {#section_ehw_ndt_wcb}

The issues in the following tables were resolved in this release.

#### Production Release
|  **Issue Type** | **Component** | **Release Note** |
|---|---|---|
|  Enhancement | Studio |Introduced new features allowing users to control personal data and privacy. For more on the new privacy features, see [](#c_rn/section_syx_mdt_wcb) |





#### UAT Release
|  **Issue Type** | **Component** | **Release Note** |
|---|---|---|
|  Enhancement | Comments | Fixed an issue where three profile labels were pointing to one user profile, but were not identified as pointing to the same profile. |
|  Bug | ModQ | Fixed an issue where content marked by Moderation Recommendations as trashed was trashed, but didn't display when trying to view all content (including trashed content).  |
|  Enhancement | Studio | Added more informative error messages for content that doesn't display because it has been deleted from the originating social network.  |
|  Bug | Studio | Fixed an issue where moderation recommendations displayed when moderation recommendations were not turned on. |

