<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_rn">
  <title>September 7, 2017</title>
  <shortdesc>Release Notes for the September 7, 2017 release.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
   
     
    <table id="table_ird_lqm_dbb">
      <title>Production Release</title>
      <tgroup cols="3">
        <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
        <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
        <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3"/>
        <thead>
          <row>
            <entry><b>Issue Type</b></entry>
            <entry><b>Component</b></entry>
            <entry><b>Release Note</b></entry>
          </row>
        </thead>   <tbody>
          <row>
            <entry>Enhancement</entry>
            <entry>App Content, ModQ</entry>
            <entry>Added SAFE Image Classification Tags to content in App Content and ModQ.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Bug</entry>
            <entry>Library Search</entry>
            <entry>Fixed a bug with no results being returned when using Tag and Rating search in
              Library.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Bug</entry>
            <entry>Library Search</entry>
            <entry>Fixed a bug that caused Social Search queries to return nothing if the result
              list included malformed URLs.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Enhancement</entry>
            <entry>SAFE</entry>
            <entry>Added a new feature to ban commenting by Site Visitors in a given IP region.
              Please contact your Account Manager to configure for your Livefyre network.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Bug</entry>
            <entry>Streams</entry>
            <entry>Fixed a bug to allow saving Instagram stream rules containing an entry in the "Is
              not posted by any of these authors" field.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Bug</entry>
            <entry>Studio</entry>
            <entry>Fixed a bug to enable sorting by "most participants" and by "most items."</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Bug</entry>
            <entry>Studio</entry>
            <entry>Fixed a bug that caused app timestamps to show an incorrect creation date in the
              table.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Bug</entry>
            <entry>Studio</entry>
            <entry>Fixed a sort order bug with the Recent and Oldest filters in App Manager.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Bug</entry>
            <entry>Studio</entry>
            <entry>Fixed a bug which hid other connected networks from displaying in the Network
              Profile Switcher.</entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
    <table id="table_s1q_vrm_dbb"><title>UAT Release</title>
 
      <tgroup cols="3">
        <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
        <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
        <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3"/>
        <thead>
          <row>
            <entry><b>Issue Type</b></entry>
            <entry><b>Component</b></entry>
            <entry><b>Release Note</b></entry>
          </row>
        </thead>        <tbody>
          <row>
            <entry>Enhancement</entry>
            <entry>Comments</entry>
            <entry>Customers can now set the maximum length for comments as part of their network
              configuration. </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Enhancement</entry>
            <entry>Film Strip</entry>
            <entry>Film strip is a brand new visualization app, primarily designed to showcase UGC
              in e-commerce scenarios, such as product pages or transactional websites. Film Strip
              horizontally aligns UGC to be displayed as a camera roll, one piece at the time. End
              users can navigate Film Strip by clicking the side arrows to scroll through the
              content available. </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Enhancement</entry>
            <entry>Film Strip</entry>
            <entry>When a customer deploys a film strip app, newly streamed UGC will have a "new"
              label next to it to quickly identify them.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Bug</entry>
            <entry>Library</entry>
            <entry>Fixed issue with products displaying incorrectly after removing then re-adding a
              product to an asset in the library.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Bug</entry>
            <entry>Mobile</entry>
            <entry>This bug corrects an issue on how nested replies rendered in Mobile when avatars
              were disabled, they did not use to nest, but this fix corrects it. </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Enhancement</entry>
            <entry>Mosaic</entry>
            <entry>This is a new configuration that enables customers to specify the number of cards
              to be displayed in the Mosaic visualization app. </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Bug</entry>
            <entry>Rights Management</entry>
            <entry>Fixed a bug preventing a Studio user from requesting rights on Instagram Carousel
              content.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Bug</entry>
            <entry>Studio</entry>
            <entry>Added clearer error messages when creating new Sites.</entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
  </conbody>
</concept>
