<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_rn">
  <title>August 24, 2017</title>
  <shortdesc>Release Notes for the August 24, 2017 release.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <table id="table_nyy_ryv_v1b">
      <title>Production Release</title>
      <tgroup cols="3">
        <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
        <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
        <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3"/>
        <thead>
          <row>
            <entry><b>Issue Type</b></entry>
            <entry><b>Component</b></entry>
            <entry><b>Release Note</b></entry>
          </row>
        </thead> <tbody>
            <row>
            <entry>Enhancement</entry>
            <entry>App Content, ModQ</entry>
            <entry>Added SAFE Image Classification Tags to content in App Content and ModQ.</entry>
          </row><row>
            <entry>Bug</entry>
            <entry>Comments</entry>
            <entry>Fixed a bug in Comments to enable .mov or .mpg to be uploaded successfully.
            </entry>
          </row>
         <row>
            <entry>Bug</entry>
            <entry>ModQ</entry>
            <entry>Fixed a bug which hid recent items from showing up in the Activity History
              tab.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Bug</entry>
            <entry>Studio</entry>
            <entry>Fixed a bug to allow bulk trashing comments.</entry>
          </row>
         
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
    <table id="table_sgz_1d5_z1b">
      <title>UAT Release</title>
      <tgroup cols="3">
        <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
        <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
        <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3"/>
        <thead>
          <row>
            <entry><b>Issue Type</b></entry>
            <entry><b>Component</b></entry>
            <entry><b>Release Note</b></entry>
          </row>
        </thead>   <tbody>
          <row>
            <entry>Bug</entry>
            <entry>Library</entry>
            <entry>Fixed a bug with no results being returned when using Tag and Rating search in
              Library.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Enhancement</entry>
            <entry>Library, Search</entry>
            <entry>Overhauled the Rights modal for the Library and Social Search pages. Added the
              ability to manually grant and revoke rights on assets. Error/warning messages are more
              clear, and help guide you to sending valid rights requests and replies. An improved
              activity history is now displayed in the modal.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Bug</entry>
            <entry>ModQ</entry>
            <entry>Fixed a bug which hid recent items from showing up in the Activity History
              tab.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Bug</entry>
            <entry>Sites</entry>
            <entry>Added clearer error messages when creating new Sites.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Bug</entry>
            <entry>Studio</entry>
            <entry>Fixed a sort order bug with the Recent and Oldest filters in App Manager.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Bug</entry>
            <entry>Studio</entry>
            <entry>Fixed a bug which hid other connected networks from displaying in the Network
              Profile Switcher.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Bug</entry>
            <entry>Studio</entry>
            <entry>Fixed a bug that prevented rights status updates from displaying immediately
              without a page refresh.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Bug</entry>
            <entry>Studio</entry>
            <entry>Fixed a bug to enable sorting by "most participants" and by "most items."</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Bug</entry>
            <entry>Studio</entry>
            <entry>Fixed a bug that caused app timestamps to show an incorrect creation date in the
              table.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Bug</entry>
            <entry>Users</entry>
            <entry>Fixed a bug which prevented newly invited user managers from being able to
              perform certain admin actions, such as tagging users.</entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
  </conbody>
</concept>
