<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_adding_users_to_groups">
 <title>Adding Users to Groups</title>
 <shortdesc>Add a user tag to an account to add a User to a group.</shortdesc>
 <prolog>
  <metadata>
   <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
  </metadata>
 </prolog>
 <conbody>
  <p>User Tags may be implemented for both proprietary and enterprise profile systems, and may be
   added to accounts by several means:</p>
  <ul id="ul_r3l_1pl_wz">
   <li>Creating Owners and Moderators through Studio assigns the ‘Moderator’ User Tag to the
    account.</li>
   <li>Creating user groups, and adding users to them through Studio, automatically applies User
    Tags with the name of the group to the selected users.</li>
   <li>User Tags may be also applied directly to Accounts using the <xref
     href="http://livefyre-devhub-production.herokuapp.com/developers/api-reference/#add-user-tag"
     format="html" scope="external">Add User Tag HTTP</xref> call, or Ping for Pull.</li>
  </ul>
  <note>Both API methods, the HTTP Add User Tag call and the Ping for Pull method, will overwrite
   any tags previously assigned to the Account through other means. Therefore, please select one
   method, and use it consistently throughout your process.</note>
  <section id="section_qgq_nbw_xz">
   <title>Add a user to a Group from the Users page in Studio</title>
   <ul id="ul_s3l_1pl_wz">
    <li>Click <uicontrol>Add Group</uicontrol> or the group label below any username to open the
     groups menu.</li>
    <li>Scroll through the list and find the group to which you wish to add the user. You can enter
     a group name in the <uicontrol>Search</uicontrol> box at the top of the dropdown.</li>
    <li>Click the checkbox next to the group(s) to which the user should be added, and hit
     return.</li>
   </ul>
   <p>The user’s profile will display either the name of the group (if the user is only in one
    group) or the number of groups to which the user belongs.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_kn3_gbw_xz">
   <title>Add a user to a group using the Add User Tag call</title>
   <p>Pass the user’s LFToken and your selected tag name in with the POST request</p>
   <p>For example:</p>
   <codeblock>
curl -XPOST -d 'tag_name=tag&amp;lftoken=eyJhbGciOiAiA_TOKENcGlyZXMiOiAxMzU3OTY3NTAxLjIzn0.KoyXUVCavt-rdvkVXm2qzQTyMAOSp-crQA1uL1ht9WU' 'https://labs.quill.fyre.co/api/v3.0/author/system@labs.fyre.co/tag/'</codeblock>
   <p>For more information, see API Reference > <xref
     href="http://livefyre-devhub-production.herokuapp.com/developers/api-reference/#add-user-tag"
     format="html" scope="external">Add User Tag</xref>.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_kyj_11w_xz">
   <title>Add a user to a Group using Ping for Pull</title>
   <p>Use the tags array to assign users to user groups. (Tags may include 1-63 alphanumeric and
    underscore characters.)</p>
   <p>For example:</p>
   <codeblock>
"tags": ["moderator", "brand_advocate"],
</codeblock>
  </section>
  <section id="section_uyn_scv_xz">
   <title>Add a user to a Group using Remote Profiles</title>
   <p>Add user tags to the Remote Profile, used to sync user data between your custom profile system
    and Livefyre, for the specific users.</p>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
