<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept id="c_anouncements">
  <title>Announcements</title>
  <shortdesc>Announcements for Livefyre and Livefyre Studio.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager" />
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <section id="section_kk5_qpz_d2b">
      <title>June 14, 2018</title>
      <p>Please read the latest updates on the status of functionality related to the Instagram API
        deprecations:</p>
      <ul id="ul_zdp_w5z_d2b">
        <li>
          <p><b>Search and stream content from business accounts</b></p>
          <p>As announced in early May, the API deprecations removed the ability to search personal
            Instagram accounts. As an alternative, the Livefyre team has built functionality that
            enables you to search and stream content from business accounts. While the Livefyre team
            has completed this work, its release is pending approval by Facebook. As such, we
            anticipate this functionality being available later this summer and will notify you as
            soon as it is live.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Usage rights request workflow</b></p>
          <p>On May 24, we delivered a manual solution in the usage rights request workflow for
            Instagram content. We continue to work on restoring the functionality that automatically
            monitors the response to your rights request and updates the activity history. We
            anticipate this functionality being available on June 28, 2018.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section id="section_xbk_wvd_ydb">
      <title>May 24, 2018</title>
      <p>Part one of two updates to the usage rights request workflow for Instagram content is now
        available. From App Content and the Library, you are now able to copy the request rights
        message from Livefyre Studio and paste it to the exact Instagram post you are seeking
        approval to use. The ability to do this in ModQ will be delivered in a future release. By
        June 14, 2018, we will restore the functionality that automatically monitors the response to
        your rights request and updates the activity history.</p>
      <p>Please read the <xref href="c_rn.dita#c_rn">release notes</xref> for more information and
        instructions on how to use this capability.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_hwb_1qz_wdb">
      <title>May 17, 2018</title>
      <p>We’re happy to inform you that the ability to execute the following Instagram capabilities
        in Livefyre are once again available:</p>
      <ul id="ul_ltr_bqz_wdb">
        <li>Publish and save Instagram content to folders and apps in Social Search</li>
        <li>View details of each piece of content</li>
        <li>Carry out moderation actions on new Instagram content in ModQ</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section id="section_dms_ypz_wdb">
      <title>May 7, 2018</title>
      <p>To all Livefyre customers,</p>
      <p>On Thursday, May 3, 2018, Facebook deprecated a number of Instagram APIs used by 3rd party
        partners to access different aspects of Instagram content in order to protect personal
        privacy and the data of their users. </p>
      <p>We appreciate your patience as we analyzed the impact on the Livefyre system. The following
        overview clarifies which Livefyre capabilities continue to work seamlessly and which
        capabilities the API deprecation has impacted, and how and when we’ll address the
        changes.</p>
      <p>First, rest assured that the majority of Livefyre’s Instagram capabilities remain
        unaffected. Instagram content can still be streamed by hashtag and location, and will
        publish to folders and Livefyre visualization apps. Streaming content for all other
        sources—Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, Tumblr, RSS and email--remain unchanged.</p>
      <p>After a full system analysis, here are the capabilities impacted by the API deprecation and
        dates by which we anticipate they will be addressed.</p>
      <p><b><u>The following functions are currently unavailable and are expected to be made
            available by May 17, 2018:</u></b></p>
      <ul id="ul_tkv_wfk_tdb">
        <li>View detail, save and publish Instagram content to folders and apps in Social
          Search.</li>
        <li>Take action on Instagram content in ModQ.</li>
      </ul>
      <p><b><u>Work-arounds for the following functionality are expected to be made available by the
            dates shown below:</u></b></p>
      <ul id="ul_gzb_skk_tdb">
        <li>
          <p><b>Usage rights request workflow—May 24, 2018</b>
          </p>
          <p>Livefyre can no longer send messages on behalf of a user account. Requesting usage
            rights for Instagram content must now be done manually. Livefyre will provide a simple
            cut and paste workflow to help customers track approvals and maintain audit records.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>User search and streams workflow—June 14, 2018</b></p>
          <p>While you can still search by hashtag and keyword, the ability to search personal
            Instagram accounts has been eliminated. As an alternative, Livefyre will build
            functionality that enables you to search and stream content from business accounts. If
            you use Livefyre to search and stream your own organization’s Instagram content, be sure
              to<xref
              href="https://help.instagram.com/502981923235522?helpref=search&amp;sr=2&amp;query=change%20personal%20account%20to%20business%20account"
              format="html" scope="external"> upgrade</xref> to a business account to take advantage
            of this functionality.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
      <p><b><u>We are continuing to evaluate solutions for the following functionality that we are
            unable to replace in the short term: </u></b></p>
      <ul id="ul_vkv_wfk_tdb">
        <li><b>Search by URL</b>. The ability to search by URL to locate a specific piece of media
          is no longer available.</li>
        <li><b>Video content</b>. Video content will no longer be surfaced through Instagram search.
        </li>
      </ul>
      <p>To learn more about Facebook’s platform changes please go here:</p>
      <p><xref
          href="https://developers.facebook.com/blog/post/2018/04/04/facebook-api-platform-product-changes/"
          format="html" scope="external"
          >https://developers.facebook.com/blog/post/2018/04/04/facebook-api-platform-product-changes/</xref>
      </p>
      <p> </p>
      <p>We sincerely apologize for any disruption that this causes and will continue to inform you
        of our progress as we address these changes.</p>
      <p> </p>
      <p>The Adobe Livefyre team</p>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>