<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_android_sdk">
 <title>Android SDK</title>
 <shortdesc>Create Android Apps powered by Livefyre.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
 <conbody>
    <p>On this page:</p>
    <ul id="ul_zyq_sjn_3cb">
      <li>
        <xref href="#c_android_sdk/section_dtm_slv_zz" format="dita"/>
      </li>
      <li>
        <xref href="#c_android_sdk/section_vpw_klv_zz" format="dita"/>
      </li>
      <li>
        <xref href="#c_android_sdk/section_yfq_blv_zz" format="dita"/>
      </li>
    </ul>
  <section>
   <p>Use this library to integrate Livefyre services into your native Android app. The <xref
     href="https://github.com/Livefyre/StreamHub-Android-SDK" format="html" scope="external"
     >Livefyre StreamHub Android SDK</xref> provides a thin layer around our common API mechanisms,
    based on the Gradle/Android Studio development environment.</p>
   <p>Livefyre also provides a <xref href="https://github.com/Livefyre/StreamHub-iOS-Reviews-App"
     format="html" scope="external">Reviews</xref> sample App, based on this SDK.</p>
   <p>This Livefyre Android SDK can be used in both Eclipse and Android Studio.</p>
   <note><p>Before installing the Livefyre Android SDK you must have the <xref
      href="http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html" format="html" scope="external">Android
      SDK</xref> installed on your environment. You must also include some additional Android SDK
     packages, as described in the Android Developer docs > .</p><xref
     href="http://developer.android.com/sdk/installing/adding-packages.html" format="html"
     scope="external">Adding SDK Packages</xref></note>
   <p>Use the Android SDK Manager (available from the Android Studio or Eclipse toolbar) to install
    all recommended packages. Be certain to also include the Android Support Repository.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_dtm_slv_zz">
   <title>Eclipse</title>
   <p>To add the Livefyre Android SDK to your project in Eclipse:</p>
   <ol id="ol_nzq_v3v_zz">
    <li>Get the latest <xref href="https://github.com/Livefyre/StreamHub-Android-SDK" format="html"
      scope="external">StreamHub-Android-SDK</xref> from GitHub.</li>
    <li>Start with an existing project or create a new one.</li>
    <li>To import the StreamHub-Android-SDK into your workspace go to <uicontrol>File > Import >
      General > Existing Project into Workspace</uicontrol>.</li>
    <li>Browse and select the StreamHub-Android-SDK; it should now show in the package
     explorer.</li>
    <li>Right click on your project and select <uicontrol>Properties,</uicontrol> then the Android
     tab.</li>
    <li>Under the Library section, select <uicontrol>Add button,</uicontrol> then select
     StreamHub-Android-SDK from the list of libraries.</li>
    <li>Click on <uicontrol>Apply</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</li>
   </ol>
  </section>
  <section id="section_vpw_klv_zz">
   <title>Android Studio</title>
   <p>To add the Livefyre Android SDK to your project in Android Studio:</p>
   <ol id="ol_ozq_v3v_zz">
    <li>Get the latest <xref href="https://github.com/Livefyre/StreamHub-Android-SDK" format="html"
      scope="external">StreamHub-Android-SDK</xref> from GitHub.</li>
    <li>Start with an existing project or create a new one.</li>
    <li>Right click on your project and select <uicontrol>Open Module Settings</uicontrol>.</li>
    <li>Select the <uicontrol>+</uicontrol> button in the top left corner of the window.</li>
    <li>Select <uicontrol>Import Existing Project.</uicontrol> (In new version of Android studio,
     you can find <uicontrol>Import Existing Project</uicontrol> under <uicontrol>More
      Modules</uicontrol>.)</li>
    <li>Browse and select the StreamHub-Android-SDK.</li>
   </ol>
   <p>Android Studio may request that you convert the SDK to gradle version; if this occurs, select
     <uicontrol>next</uicontrol> then <uicontrol>finish</uicontrol>.</p>
   <p>Go to <b><i>project folder</i> > <i>app folder </i>> build.gradle</b> file under dependencies
    to add the the following dependency:</p>
   <codeblock>dependencies {   compile project(':streamHubAndroidSDK') }
</codeblock>
  </section>
  <section>
   <p>Make sure that the following line is in your <b><i>project folder</i> > settings.gradle</b>
    file:</p>
  </section>
  <section>
   <codeblock>
include ':streamHubAndroidSDK'
</codeblock>
   <note>You can customize configurations from within Config.java.</note>
  </section>
  <section id="section_yfq_blv_zz">
   <title>Clients</title>
   <p>The StreamHub Android SDK exposes several client classes that can be used to request Livefyre
    API endpoints:</p>
   <dl>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>AdminClient</dt>
     <dd>Exchange a user authentication token for user information, keys, and other metadata.</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>BootstrapClient</dt>
     <dd>Get recent content and metadata about a particular Collection.</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>StreamClient</dt>
     <dd>Poll a stream for a Collection to retrieve new, updated, and deleted content.</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>WriteClient</dt>
     <dd>Post, flag, and like content in a Collection.</dd>
    </dlentry>
   </dl>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
