<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
  <concept id="c_app_objects">
    <title>App Objects</title>
    <shortdesc>Create authentication tokens to use to authenticate users for an App using App
      Objects.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
      <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">c_app_objects.dita</draft-comment>
      <p>Set up <codeph>authDelegate</codeph> to connect your existing authentication system to
        Livefyre to allow your site visitors to use your existing site authentication with Livefyre
        Apps. For example, if a user wants to comment on a post, they have to log in to comment. You
        can use Livefyre's built-in authentication system or connect your Livefyre Apps to your
        existing login and password for your site.</p>
      <p>Pass your <codeph>authDelegate</codeph> through the <codeph>auth.Delegate</codeph>
        function.</p>
      <p>Use <codeph>authDelegate</codeph> to generate a <codeph>userAuth</codeph> token to allow
        users to log into your authentication system. </p>
      <p>To customize Livefyre and Livefyre Apps with your existing identity and network system, you
        have to create a token, pass that token through two functions, then create an additional
        token to connect your system with Livefyre.</p>
      <p>You must use the <codeph>CollectionMeta</codeph> function and <codeph>authDelegate</codeph>
        function to connect </p>
    </conbody>
  </concept>
  <task id="t_add_livefyre.js_to_the_page">
    <title>Add Livefyre.js to the Page</title>
    <shortdesc>Livefyre.js is a small base library that provides authentication for Apps on your
      site.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
      <context id="context_zgx_xqg_lbb">
        <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge"
          >t_add_livefyre.js_to_the_page.dita</draft-comment>
        <p>To enable authentication:</p>
      </context>
      <steps id="steps_ahx_xqg_lbb">
        <step>
          <cmd>Add Livefyre.js to the <codeph>&lt;head></codeph> element of your webpage or website
            template.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Add one of the following to your page:</cmd>
          <info>
            <ul id="ul_gjv_zww_jz">
              <li><codeph>globalwindow.Livefyre</codeph> variable </li>
              <li><codeph>Livefyre.require</codeph> to load other Livefyre packages on demand</li>
            </ul>
            <codeblock>&lt;script src="//cdn.livefyre.com/Livefyre.js">&lt;/script></codeblock>
          </info>
        </step>
      </steps>
    </taskbody>
  </task>
</dita>
