<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_avatars">
 <title>Avatars</title>
 <shortdesc>Allow users to customize the image that displays with their content.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>User avatars are displayed (by default) next to content in all Apps, and are pulled from the
   identity profile system used in your implementation. These avatars vary in size, according to the
   App in which they are displayed.</p>
  <p>(Livefyre allows you to Disable Avatars if you do not wish to display them in your Apps.)</p>
  <note>Avatars are displayed at 25p x 25p for Chat, and 50p x 50p within most other Apps.</note>
  <section id="section_zbh_x1f_wy">
   <title>Avatar storage</title>
   <p>Avatars are loaded asynchronously in Livefyre. When a user first signs into the App, or
    changes their associated avatar image file, their profile image is added to a task queue. (A
    default avatar is displayed temporarily while your user’s is uploaded to the Livefyre avatar
    storage location.)</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_mqh_p1f_wy">
   <title>Gravatars</title>
   <p>Livefyre supports the use of Gravatars. If a user does not have a custom avatar as part of
    their user profile, Livefyre will check for a Gravatar for that user. If no Gravatar exists, the
    default avatar will be used.</p>
   <p>If Comments has been embedded using the Livefyre WordPress Plugin, the user’s Gravatar will be
    used if the following conditions are met:</p>
   <ul id="ul_ep4_qdx_vy">
    <li>Gravatar has been activated in the WordPress admin panel, and</li>
    <li>the user has a Gravatar account, and</li>
    <li>a custom avatar is not provided.</li>
   </ul>
   <p>For more information, see the WordPress Gravatar documentation.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_blk_ccj_h1b">
   <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
   <ul id="ul_qzp_ccj_h1b">
    <li><xref href="c_carousel_app.dita#c_carousel_app">Carousel</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_chat_app.dita#c_chat_app">Chat</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_feature_card_app.dita#c_feature_card_app">Feature Card</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_map_app.dita#c_map_app">Map</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_media_wall_app.dita#c_media_wall_app">Media Wall</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_mosaic_app.dita#c_mosaic_app">Mosaic</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_reviews_app.dita#c_reviews_app">Reviews</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_storify2.dita#c_storify2">Storify 2</xref></li>
   </ul>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
