<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_best_practices_for_sidenotes">
 <title>Best Practices for Sidenotes</title>
 <shortdesc>Turn every piece of every page on your site into a collaborative and interactive
  canvas.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
 <conbody>
    <p>On this page:</p>
    <ul id="ul_hlr_y2f_kcb">
      <li>
        <xref href="#c_best_practices_for_sidenotes/section_x15_csn_sy" format="dita"/>
      </li>
      <li>
        <xref href="#c_best_practices_for_sidenotes/section_dzr_pc4_sy" format="dita"/>
      </li>
      <li>
        <xref href="#c_best_practices_for_sidenotes/section_w1c_rc4_sy" format="dita"/>
      </li>
      <li>
        <xref href="#c_best_practices_for_sidenotes/section_ipc_xc4_sy" format="dita"/>
      </li>
      <li>
        <xref href="#c_best_practices_for_sidenotes/section_px4_yc4_sy" format="dita"/>
      </li>
      <li>
        <xref href="#c_best_practices_for_sidenotes/section_lxv_1d4_sy" format="dita"/>
      </li>
      <li>
        <xref href="#c_best_practices_for_sidenotes/section_jxz_bd4_sy" format="dita"/>
      </li>
    </ul>
  <section id="section_egz_1sn_sy">
   <p>Sidenotes offers a fresh, new perspective on comments, allowing your community to engage
     <i>while</i>they read. Our goal with Sidenotes is to encourage your users to generate
    thoughtful and focused conversation around your content. Whether your readers want to agree,
    disagree or pose a question, they can Sidenote any part of your article — a paragraph, a
    sentence, a quote, or an image. Sidenotes are subtly woven into your content so readers can
    participate and engage in conversation as they consume your content.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_x15_csn_sy">
   <title>Elevate Quality Commentary</title>
   <p>Many customers come to Livefyre asking how to increase the level of civil, meaningful
    discourse within their comments. We know that our customers want to encourage participation
    across the board without sacrificing quality. Sidenotes addresses this problem by inherently
    encouraging readers to leave thoughtful and focused comments on a specific sentence, paragraph
    or media element. This causes users to actually engage with your content, not just each
    other.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_dzr_pc4_sy">
   <title>Increase Engagement</title>
   <p>Since Sidenotes presents a new way of commenting, the product and design teams here at
    Livefyre did extensive user research while developing the product. During these sessions, we
    noticed that users tend to read articles along with their mouse. By tucking the Sidenotes icon
    underneath each paragraph on hover, the product offers a subtle but consistent call to action
    for users to chime in throughout their entire reading experience, increasing engagement and time
    spent on your site.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_w1c_rc4_sy">
   <title>Expand Reach</title>
   <p>Not only does Sidenotes offer a fresh perspective on commenting, but also on sharing content
    socially. When your readers highlight a piece of text, Sidenotes pops up a button for them to
    share your content directly to Twitter or Facebook with two clicks. This low friction experience
    increases your viral reach while giving your users a new way to easily engage with your
    content.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_ipc_xc4_sy">
   <title>Enroll Your Community</title>
   <p>Because Sidenotes introduces a potentially unfamiliar way of commenting, we encourage you to
    educate your community on how Sidenotes works and why it’s a valuable commentary tool. We
    recommend introducing Sidenotes to your community with a dedicated post and updating your
    community guidelines to incorporate best practices for leaving Sidenotes or comments.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_px4_yc4_sy">
   <title>Seed Sidenotes</title>
   <p>Though we always encourage your staff to participate in the conversation, Sidenotes provides a
    particularly compelling way for your team to engage. We recommend having the post author seed
    the conversation by leaving a Sidenote directly after publishing. It’s an easy way to provide a
    prompt for the discussion around a segment that the journalist feels is especially interesting
    or controversial. It also ensures that readers who land on the page will see at least one
    Sidenote, which will grab their attention and encourage them to engage.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_lxv_1d4_sy">
   <title>Use Sidenotes along with Comments</title>
   <p>Some customers ask us whether they need to choose between Sidenotes and Comments, so it’s
    worth noting that Sidenotes is designed as a complement to the below-the-article comments
    experience. The traditional comments section still provides great value by giving users a single
    immersive place to discuss the entire article, encouraging back and forth conversations with
    multiple levels of threading and expanded media.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_jxz_bd4_sy">
   <title>Get Creative</title>
   <p>Sidenotes has many interesting use cases outside of a traditional article page. Lists,
    transcripts, lyrics, recipes and slideshows are all great opportunities to incorporate
    Sidenotes. Also, if you are publishing content such as playoff teams or award nominees,
    Sidenotes allows your users to have micro conversations on each line.</p>
   <p>Universal Music Group artist Darius Rucker uses Sidenotes to allow users to leave comments on
    his lyrics, allowing fans to have a specific conversation about each line of the song.</p>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
