<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_build_server_side_tokens">
 <title>Build Server Side Tokens</title>
 <shortdesc>A guide for building collectionMeta and auth tokens.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>Building the tokens that Livefyre uses to validate requests ensures that only you can make
   updates to your Livefyre network.</p>
  <p><b>CollectionMeta Token</b></p>
  <p>Learn how to build a token to create new and display existing conversations.</p>
  <p><b>Auth Token</b></p>
  <p>Learn how to build a token for authenticating users, a necessary step in the integration
   process if you’re not using Janrain Capture for user management.</p>
  <section id="section_l5l_hwt_bbb">
   <title>User Auth Token</title>
   <p>This section describes how to generate the UserAuth JSON Object that creates the User
    Authentication token required to log users into your Apps.</p>
   <p>To create the token, use your preferred language library to pass in the following
    parameters:</p>
   <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_adq_qy5_nz">
    <tgroup cols="3">
     <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1.0*"/>
     <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1.0*"/>
     <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1.0*"/>
     <thead>
      <row>
       <entry>Parameter</entry>
       <entry>Type</entry>
       <entry>Description</entry>
      </row>
     </thead>
     <tbody>
      <row>
       <entry>networkName</entry>
       <entry>String (required)</entry>
       <entry>The name of the Livefyre network (provided by Livefyre).</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>networkKey</entry>
       <entry>String (required)</entry>
       <entry>The secret key for this specific network (provided by Livefyre).</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>userId</entry>
       <entry>String (required)</entry>
       <entry>The ID of the user logging in as stored in your user management system (only
        alphanumeric, dash, underscore, and dot characters are allowed: [a-zA-Z0-9_-.]).<b>Note:</b>
        The userId must be unique.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>expires</entry>
       <entry>Integer (required) </entry>
       <entry>When the token should expire from now (in seconds).<b>Note:</b> This value can also be
        passed as a float. The JSON web token produced will store this value in UNIX epoch
        time.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>displayName</entry>
       <entry>String (required)</entry>
       <entry>Text to identify this user in the UI and in comments. (Maximum number of characters:
        50.)</entry>
      </row>
     </tbody>
    </tgroup>
   </table>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
