<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_build_the_ping_for_pull_response">
    <title>Build the Ping for Pull Response</title>
    <shortdesc>Build the Ping for Pull response to transmit updated user information to
        Livefyre.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
        <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_lqg_n4r_tdb">
            <tgroup cols="3">

                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Type</entry>
                        <entry>Property</entry>
                        <entry>Description</entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
              
        
            <row>
                <entry>String (required)</entry>
                <entry>
                    <parmname>id</parmname>
                </entry>
                <entry>The user ID of the user in your profile system. This must be unique across
                    all users in your Network, and must never change.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
                <entry>String (required) </entry>
                <entry>
                    <parmname>display_name</parmname>
                </entry>
                <entry>The display name of the user. This will be rendered with Livefyre Content
                    posted by the user.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
                <entry>Object (optional, but recommended) </entry>
                <entry>
                    <parmname>name</parmname>
                </entry>
                <entry>Strings to define the user’s formatted, first, middle, and last
                    names.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
                <entry>String (optional, but recommended) </entry>
                <entry>
                    <parmname>email</parmname>
                </entry>
                <entry>User’s email address. Used to send email notifications.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
                <entry>String (optional, but recommended) </entry>
                <entry>
                    <parmname>image_url</parmname>
                </entry>
                <entry>
                    <p>URL to an avatar to display for the user. Livefyre scales uploaded images to
                        100×100, 75×75, or 50×50 pixels, as appropriate. For best results, users
                        should upload a square image, at 100×100 pixels.To ensure the avatar image
                        is updated in Livefyre, modify the image_url for each image update so Ping
                        for Pull detects that the image was changed. For example, attach a timestamp
                        to the filename or increment the image changes.</p>
                    <note>All URLs must be fully qualified and accessible.</note>
                </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
                <entry>String (optional, but recommended) </entry>
                <entry>
                    <parmname>profile_url</parmname>
                </entry>
                <entry>URL to the user’s profile page on your site.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
                <entry>String (optional, but recommended) </entry>
                <entry>
                    <parmname>settings_url</parmname>
                </entry>
                <entry>URL to a page where users may configure the user’s profile settings for
                    your site.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
                <entry>Array (optional, but recommended) </entry>
                <entry>
                    <parmname>tags </parmname>
                </entry>
                <entry>Used to assign users to user groups. Tags may include 1-63 alphanumeric
                    and underscore characters.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
                <entry>Boolean (optional, but recommended) </entry>
                <entry>
                    <parmname>autofollow_conversations</parmname>
                </entry>
                <entry>Defines whether a user wishes to automatically follow a Collection after
                    posting to it. When following a Collection, users receive email notifications
                    when other users participate. May be true or false. Defaults to true.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
                <entry>Object (optional, but recommended) </entry>
                <entry>
                    <parmname>email_notifications</parmname>
                </entry>
                <entry>
                    <p>Defines the frequency of available Livefyre email notifications. Different
                        frequencies may be set for each notification type. By default, no
                        notifications will be sent.</p>
                    <ul id="ul_tyj_3jc_mz">
                        <li>
                            <codeph>immediately</codeph> issues notifications immediately upon the
                            listed event.</li>
                        <li>
                            <codeph>often</codeph> issues notifications in batches.</li>
                        <li>
                            <codeph>never</codeph> will not send email notification for the
                            activity.</li>
                    </ul>
                    <ul id="ul_ovk_zdb_mz">
                        <li>
                            <b>comments:</b> Defines when notifications are sent when other users
                            post content into Collections that this user is following.</li>
                        <li>
                            <b>replies:</b> Defines when notifications are sent when another user
                            replies to this user’s content.</li>
                        <li>
                            <b>likes:</b> Defines when notifications are sent when another user
                            likes this user’s content.</li>
                        <li>
                            <b>moderator_comments:</b> Defines when notifications are sent to
                            moderators when users post content to any Collection in the
                            Network.</li>
                        <li>
                            <b>moderator_flags:</b> Defines when notifications are sent to
                            moderators when other users flag content in any Collection in the
                            Network.</li>
                    </ul>
                </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
                <entry>String (optional) </entry>
                <entry>
                    <parmname>location</parmname>
                </entry>
                <entry>A user-submitted location.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
                <entry>String (optional) </entry>
                <entry>
                    <parmname>bio</parmname>
                </entry>
                <entry>A user-submitted autobiography.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
                <entry>Array (optional) </entry>
                <entry>
                    <parmname>websites</parmname>
                </entry>
                <entry>An array of user-submitted sites. Max = 2.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
                <entry>Object (optional) </entry>
                <entry>
                    <parmname>display_rules</parmname>
                </entry>
                <entry>
                    <p>Defines which profile properties are publicly visible to other users. Each
                        available parameter takes Boolean input true or false. Available parameters: </p>
                    <ul id="ul_tsh_32d_mz">
                        <li>
                            <codeph>bio</codeph>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <codeph>location</codeph>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <codeph>gender</codeph>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <codeph>nameimage</codeph>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <codeph>remote_profile_url</codeph>
                        </li>
                    </ul>
                </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
                <entry> Boolean (optional)</entry>
                <entry>
                    <parmname>moderator</parmname>
                </entry>
                <entry>Defines whether the user has moderator privileges across the
                    network.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
                <entry>Boolean (optional) </entry>
                <entry>
                    <parmname>gravatar_disabled</parmname>
                </entry>
                <entry>Defines whether to disable Livefyre’s use of a gravatar if no
                        <codeph>image_url</codeph> is provided.</entry>
            </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
          </table>
        <section id="section_uxt_3dd_mz">
            <title>Example Response</title>
            <codeblock>{
 "id": "1234567890",
 "display_name": "Bob Dole",
 "name": {
   "formatted": "Bob Joseph Dole",
   "first": "Bob",
   "middle": "Joseph",
   "last": "Dole"
 },
   "email": "bob@dole.com",
   "image_url": "https://dole.com/images/bob.jpg",
   "profile_url": "https://site.com/bobdole",
   "settings_url":"https://site.com/settings",
   "tags": ["bob", "dole"],
   "autofollow_conversations": "true",
   "email_notifications": {
      "comments": "never",
      "replies": "immediately",
      "likes": "often",
      "moderator_comments": "immediately",
      "moderator_flags": "immediately" 
 },
  "location": "Washington D.C., USA",
  "bio": "Bob Dole speaks in the third person",
  "websites": ["https://dole.com/blog/", "https://bobdolerocks.com"],
  "display_rules": {
      "bio": "false",
      "location": "false",
      "gender": "false",
      "name": "false",
      "image": "false",
      "remote_profile_url": "false"
  },
  "moderator": "true",
  "gravatar_disabled": "false"
}</codeblock>
        </section>
    </conbody></concept>