<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd"[]>
<dita>
  <concept id="c_carousel_app">
    <title>Carousel</title>
    <shortdesc>Showcase your best content in a horizontal, scrollable view.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
      <metadata>
        <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager" />
      </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
      <p>On this page:</p>
      <ul id="ul_sjj_2jn_3cb">
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_carousel_app/section_ysb_4ym_wy" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_carousel_app/section_jvs_mnt_wy" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_carousel_app/section_qsx_xrt_wy" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_carousel_app/section_hnh_wrt_wy" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_carousel_app/section_hpc_5rt_wy" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_carousel_app/section_xn3_2xm_wy" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_carousel_app/section_tdp_cxm_wy" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_carousel_app/section_r3q_bxm_wy" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_carousel_app/section_ozs_1xm_wy" format="dita" />
        </li>
      </ul>
      <p>Carousel is a Livefyre App that allows you to showcase your best content in a horizontal,
        scrollable view. Use this App on pages with limited real estate, inviting people to
        experience each piece of curated content individually, in real time. A Carousel allows users
        to browse content, then click to select an item, and open it within a popup modal.</p>
      <p>For a less distracting viewing experience, a Carousel displays the latest content and keeps
        the current view until the user reloads the next set of items.</p>
      <p>A Carousel displays Livefyre and streamed content as a horizontal slideshow. A Carousel
        allows users to browse content, then click to select an item, and open it within a popup
        modal.</p>
      <p>For an optimal viewing experience, a Carousel displays the latest content and keeps the
        current view until the user refreshes the page.</p>
      <section id="section_ysb_4ym_wy">
        <title>What kind of content can I publish in a Carousel?</title>
        <p>Supported content containing:</p>
        <ul id="ul_ash_vng_sy2">
          <li>Photos</li>
          <li>Videos</li>
          <li>Text</li>
        </ul>
        <p>Supported content sources:</p>
        <ul id="ul_bsh_vng_sy">
          <li>Twitter</li>
          <li>Instagram</li>
          <li>Facebook</li>
          <li>YouTube</li>
          <li>RSS</li>
          <li>Tumblr</li>
          <li>Livefyre</li>
          <li>Weibo</li>
        </ul>
      </section>
      <section id="section_jvs_mnt_wy">
        <title>How does a site visitor see content in a Carousel? Can I stream content into a
          Carousel?</title>
        <p>A site visitor sees content populated into a Carousel from Studio from a Studio Stream or
          Social Search. If new content is published to the App while a site visitor is on the page,
          the site visitor must refresh the page to see the updated content. New published content
          appears in the App after up to 5 minutes.</p>
      </section>
      <section id="section_qsx_xrt_wy">
        <title>How many characters will a Carousel display for each card?</title>
        <p>A Carousel dynamically recalculates the number of characters to display depending on the
          screen or container size. If there are more characters than the Carousel can display, then
          an ellipsis (“…”) ends the displayed text.</p>
      </section>
      <section id="section_hnh_wrt_wy">
        <title>What does a URL look like for a card in a Carousel?</title>
        <p>If a URL exists, the URL is highlighted in a bar when you click on the content. If there
          is more than one URL, the card highlights only one URL. Any additional URLs are truncated
          by an ellipsis (“…”).</p>
      </section>
      <section id="section_hpc_5rt_wy">
        <title>How does a Carousel look on different platforms?</title>
        <p>You can choose the mode you want to use:</p>
        <ul id="ul_csh_vng_sy">
          <li>Desktop responsive mode<ul id="ul_dsh_vng_sy"><li>If the content is larger than 600 pixels, displays horizontally</li><li>If the content is smaller than 600 pixels, displays vertically</li></ul></li>
          <li>Desktop vertical mode: Always vertical, shrinks as the container gets smaller</li>
          <li>Mobile: Always vertical, shrinks to fit the size of the screen</li>
        </ul>
      </section>
      <section id="section_xn3_2xm_wy">
        <title>What happens when a site visitor clicks on an item in a Carousel?</title>
        <p>A site visitor can:</p>
        <ul id="ul_esh_vng_sy1">
          <li>Click on an image to display a larger image.</li>
          <li>Click on a video to watch it.</li>
          <li>Click on content with multiple items to scroll through the items.</li>
        </ul>
      </section>
      <section id="section_tdp_cxm_wy">
        <title>What does featuring content do to items in a Carousel?</title>
        <p>Content with a “Featured” tag appears in front. If you feature more than one content
          item, each item will appear in the front of the app in order of the content published
          date.</p>
      </section>
      <section id="section_r3q_bxm_wy">
        <title>What else should I know about how a Carousel looks on a website?</title>
        <p>Content count: Content count stays at the bottom of the Carousel and increases or
          decreases as a user scrolls.</p>
        <p>Wrap-around: A Carousel wraps around from the last item to the first item. If there are
          fewer than six items in the Carousel, the Carousel stops at the sixth post and does not
          rotate back to the first post.</p>
      </section>
      <section id="section_ozs_1xm_wy">
        <title>Can I add an Upload Button to a Carousel?</title>
        <p>You can add an Upload Button to a Carousel. If you publish the Upload Button to the App
          while a site visitor is on the page, the site visitor must refresh the page to see the
          updated content. The Upload Button will appear in the App after up to 5 minutes.</p>
      </section>
    </conbody>
  </concept>
</dita>