<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd"[]>
<dita>
  <concept id="c_livefyre_for_wordpress">
    <title>Livefyre Plugin for WordPress</title>
    <shortdesc>Use Livefyre on your WordPress pages by using the Livefyre for WordPress
      plugin.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
      <metadata>
        <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager" />
      </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
      <p>On this page:</p>
      <ul id="ul_uqr_14n_3cb">
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_livefyre_for_wordpress/section_vqk_bbb_2cb" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_livefyre_for_wordpress/section_jz3_1bb_2cb" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_livefyre_for_wordpress/section_ktp_z1b_2cb" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_livefyre_for_wordpress/section_z4w_y1b_2cb" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_livefyre_for_wordpress/section_fc3_y1b_2cb" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_livefyre_for_wordpress/section_usy_q1b_2cb" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_livefyre_for_wordpress/section_rlm_l1b_2cb" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_livefyre_for_wordpress/section_ogv_xz1_2cb" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_livefyre_for_wordpress/section_u4d_vz1_2cb" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_livefyre_for_wordpress/section_wlg_tz1_2cb" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#t_embed_a_livefyre_app_inside_a_wordpress_page_or_post" format="dita" />
          <ul id="ul_uyq_g4n_3cb">
            <li>
              <xref href="#t_install_livefyre_for_wordpress" format="dita" />
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="#c_troubleshooting_visualization_apps_in_wordpress_shortcode" format="dita" />
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
      </ul>
      <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">c_livefyre_for_wordpress.dita</draft-comment>
      <p>The Livefyre WordPress Enterprise plugin allows you to add Livefyre Comments, Chat, Live
        Blog, or Sidenotes to your WordPress site.</p>
      <p>This section describes the WordPress plugin installation process.</p>
      <section id="section_vqk_bbb_2cb">
        <title>Livefyre Credentials</title>
        <p>To add Livefyre Apps to your WordPress sites, install the plugin, activate it, and add
          your Livefyre-provided credentials.</p>
        <p>Required credentials include:</p>
        <ul id="ul_fqd_grm_5z">
          <li>Site ID</li>
          <li>Site Key</li>
          <li>Network Name</li>
          <li>Network Key</li>
          <li>User Auth Type (links to section Authentication Types)</li>
          <li>AuthDelegate Name</li>
        </ul>
        <note>Multisite networks must install the plugin for each site. Multisite networks are
          configured on a per site basis. Each site will require its own Livefyre Apps settings
          entered on the site specific dashboard.</note>
        <p>Enabled Apps will appear under Livefyre Apps in the side navigation panel. Click on the
          App type for more specific configuration information for each.</p>
      </section>
      <section id="section_jz3_1bb_2cb">
        <title>User Auth Types</title>
        <p>Select the user auth system to be used on your Livefyre App enabled WordPress sites:</p>
        <ul id="ul_hqd_grm_5z">
          <li>
            <uicontrol>Native WordPress: </uicontrol>The Livefyre Apps plugin will use the
            WordPress authentication/database to store user information for logging into and out of
            the App.</li>
          <li>
            <uicontrol>Custom/LFEP: </uicontrol>Used when you have specified your own
            Authentication system using Livefyre’s require module. Authentication will be found
            automatically by the Livefyre App if the authentication code with require.js is produced
            in the header of the page.</li>
          <li>
            <p>
              <uicontrol>Legacy Delegate: </uicontrol>Used with the Livefyre
              fyre.conv.RemoteAuthDelegate(); authentication delegate. Provide the name of the
              JavaScript authentication delegate you declared and Livefyre will link it to the new
              authentication code using Livefyre.require.</p>
            <note>This option is for clients who use the Livefyre.js library to construct
              auth.</note>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </section>
      <section id="section_ktp_z1b_2cb">
        <title>Environment</title>
        <p>Select the Environment checkbox to specify that the credentials entered be used for your
          Livefyre production environment. Leave the box deselected to specify staging.</p>
      </section>
      <section id="section_z4w_y1b_2cb">
        <title>App Settings</title>
        <p>Once enabled, click on an App in the sidebar menu to settings options for the App.
          Available options vary by App, and may include the following.</p>
        <ul id="ul_iqd_grm_5z">
          <li>
            <b>Settings: </b>Allows you to control the types of pages for which the App will be
            enabled, and provides a link to a description of the configuration options available for
            the App. Configuration options are available for all Livefyre Apps, and are set using
            the ConvConfig object. Add the listed script to your theme’s header, and pass in options
            as a comma separated array.</li>
          <li>
            <b>Status: </b>Lists conflicting plugins and setting status for the App, if
            available.</li>
          <li>
            <b>Shortcode: </b>Some Livefyre Apps (Comments, Live Blog and Chat) can be applied
            with shortcodes to give users more flexibility with where they can produce Livefyre
            products. To use them, follow the structure on the settings page pertaining to that
            particular app.</li>
        </ul>
      </section>
      <section id="section_fc3_y1b_2cb">
        <title>Customizations</title>
        <p>The Livefyre Apps Plugin for WordPress can be customized in two ways: through Collection
          customizations and string customizations.</p>
        <p>
          <b>Collection Customizations</b>
        </p>
        <p>Collections can be customized by passing in a script code to your theme’s header. For
          example, for Comments, the following script may be used:</p>
        <codeblock>&lt;script&gt; var liveCommentsConfig = { 'readOnly': true } &lt;/script&gt;
</codeblock>
        <p>Each example is on the App’s specific settings page, reachable through WordPress’s
          sidebar menu.</p>
        <p>
          <b>String Customizations</b>
        </p>
        <p>String customizations are built using the <xref href="https://codex.wordpress.org/Function_Reference/add_filter" format="html" scope="external">WordPress filters functionality</xref>. Each Livefyre App will bind to
          a particular filter name and expects a PHP associative array returned in order to build
          the customized strings. This filter should be registered on all posts/pages on which your
          specific Livefyre App will appear. The 4 filter names are:</p>
        <dl>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>Comments</dt>
            <dd>livefyre_custom_comments_strings</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>Sidenotes</dt>
            <dd>livefyre_custom_sidenotes_strings</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>Live Blog</dt>
            <dd>livefyre_custom_blog_strings</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>Chat</dt>
            <dd>livefyre_custom_chat_strings</dd>
          </dlentry>
        </dl>
        <p>For example, to apply a filter for a Comments App:</p>
        <codeblock>add_filter('livefyre_custom_comments_strings',
 'my_comments_strings_filter'); function my_comments_strings_filter() {
     $strings['postAsButton'] = "New Post As";
     $strings['postEditBtton'] = "New Post Edit";
     ...
     return $strings;
}
</codeblock>
        <p>By replacing the filter with the corresponding names, the App will use those strings to
          replace normal widget defaults. A complete list of string customization keys can be found
          at the String Customizations page.</p>
        <p>
          <b>Collection Information Customizations</b>
        </p>
        <p>Use the <xref href="https://codex.wordpress.org/Function_Reference/add_filter" format="html" scope="external">WordPress filters functionality</xref> to override
          Collection information (articleId, Collection title, or Collection URL).</p>
        <p>To implement the customization, apply any of these filters:</p>
        <dl>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>Article Id</dt>
            <dd>livefyre_article_id</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>Collection Title</dt>
            <dd>livefyre_collection_title</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>Collection URL</dt>
            <dd>livefyre_collection_url</dd>
          </dlentry>
        </dl>
        <p>For example, to implement an articleId filter:</p>
        <codeblock>add_filter('livefyre_article_id', 'my_articleId_filter');
 function my_articleId_filter() {
     return 'NewArticleId-74929';
}</codeblock>
        <p>When implemented, Collection information customizations will change the information
          associated with the Collection. This feature may be used to map new URLs to a Collection,
          using different mappings in the database to identify Collections.</p>
      </section>
      <section id="section_usy_q1b_2cb">
        <title>Comments</title>
        <p>Enabling Comments will replace your default WordPress comments with Livefyre’s. Use the
          Comments page to select whether Comments will be enabled on Posts or Pages, to view any
          conflicting plugin information, and to review the shortcode format.</p>
        <note>Only Chat or Comments may be enabled for each of these options. While you may select
          Chat for one, and Comments for the other, you cannot select both Apps for either posts or
          pages.</note>
        <p>
          <b>Comments Settings</b>
        </p>
        <p>Use the <b>post</b> and <b>page</b> checkboxes to select the types of posts for which
          Comments will be enabled. Once enabled, you may set different Comments configuration
          variables using the ConvConfig object with your theme.</p>
        <p>
          <b>Comments Status</b>
        </p>
        <ul id="ul_mqd_grm_5z">
          <li>
            <b>Conflicting Plugins: </b>Lists enabled plugins that have been known to cause issues
            with Comments.</li>
          <li>
            <b>Allow Comments/Chat Status: </b>Lists posts and pages that have <b>Allow
              Comments</b> disabled. Comments will not appear on these posts/pages.</li>
        </ul>
        <p>
          <b>Comments Shortcode</b>
        </p>
        <p>While Comments will automatically replace your default WordPress Comments, you may also
          add it directly within your content using a shortcode.</p>
        <p>To generate a Comments stream inside post content, enter the following syntax within the
          content editor:</p>
        <codeblock>[livefyre_comments]
</codeblock>
        <p>Comments streams are separated by the Article ID, and, if not specified, Livefyre will
          use the current post ID. Define the Article ID manually using the following format:</p>
        <codeblock>[livefyre_comments article_id="123"]
</codeblock>
      </section>
      <section id="section_rlm_l1b_2cb">
        <title>Chat</title>
        <p>Enabling Chat will replace your default WordPress comments with Chat. Use the Chat page
          to select whether Chat will be enabled on Posts or Pages, to view any conflicting plugin
          information, and to review the shortcode format. (Chat differs from Comments in that Chat
          does not allow content threading.)</p>
        <note>Only Chat or Comments may be enabled for each of these options. While you may select
          Chat for one, and Comments for the other, you cannot select both Apps for either posts or
          pages.</note>
        <p>
          <b>Chat Settings</b>
        </p>
        <p>Use the <uicontrol>post</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>page</uicontrol> checkboxes to select
          the types of posts for which Chat will be enabled. Once enabled, you may set different
          Chat configuration variables using the ConvConfig object with your theme.</p>
        <p>
          <b>Chat Status</b>
        </p>
        <ul id="ul_qqd_grm_5z">
          <li>
            <b>Conflicting Plugins: </b>Lists enabled plugins that have been known to cause issues
            with Chat.</li>
          <li>
            <b>Allow Comments/Chat Status: </b>Lists posts and pages that have ‘Allow Comments’
            turned off. Chat will not appear on these posts/pages.</li>
        </ul>
        <p>
          <b>Chat Shortcode</b>
        </p>
        <p>While Chat will automatically replace your default WordPress Comments, you may also add
          it directly within your content using a shortcode.</p>
        <p>To generate a Chat stream inside post content, enter the following syntax within the
          content editor:</p>
        <codeblock>[livefyre_chat]
</codeblock>
        <p>Chat streams are separated by the Article ID, and, if not specified, Livefyre will use
          the current post ID. Define the Article ID manually using the following format:</p>
        <codeblock>[livefyre_chat article_id="123"]
</codeblock>
      </section>
      <section id="section_ogv_xz1_2cb">
        <title>Live Blog</title>
        <p>Enabling Live Blog allows you to include Live Blogs on your site. Use the Live Blog page
          to review configuration and shortcode options.</p>
        <note>Unlike Chat or Comments, Live Blog may be enabled only by using a shortcode.</note>
        <p>
          <b>Live Blog Settings</b>
        </p>
        <p>Use the Live Blog ConvConfig object to set different Live Blog configuration
          variables.</p>
        <p>
          <b>Live Blog Shortcode</b>
        </p>
        <p>To enable Live Blog, you must embed a shortcode in your content. Once enabled, you may
          set different Live Blog configuration variables using the ConvConfig object with your
          theme.</p>
        <p>To generate a Live Blog inside post content, enter the following syntax within the
          content editor:</p>
        <codeblock>[livefyre_liveblog]
</codeblock>
        <p>Live Blog streams are separated by the Article ID, and, if not specified, Livefyre will
          use the current post ID. Define the Article ID manually using the following format:</p>
        <codeblock>[livefyre_liveblog article_id="123"]
</codeblock>
      </section>
      <section id="section_u4d_vz1_2cb">
        <title>Sidenotes</title>
        <p>Enabling Sidenotes allows your users to sidenote your content. Use the Sidenotes page to
          select whether Sidenotes will be enabled on posts or pages, to define which sorts of
          content may be sidenoted and to review configuration options.</p>
        <p>
          <b>Sidenotes Settings</b>
        </p>
        <p>Use the <b>post</b> and <b>page</b> checkboxes to select the types of posts for which
          Sidenotes will be enabled. Once enabled, you may set different Sidenotes configuration
          variables using the ConvConfig object with your theme.</p>
        <p>Use the Selectors field to specify the type of content to be sidenoted. This field is
          prepopulated with a string which follows the Livefyre Sidenotes jQuery/CSS based selectors
          format. For more information, see App Integrations &gt; Sidenotes.</p>
        <p>Once enabled, you may set different Chat configuration variables using the ConvConfig
          object with your theme.</p>
      </section>
      <section id="section_wlg_tz1_2cb">
        <title>Visualization Apps</title>
        <p>The Visualization Apps plugin allows you to automatically add any Livefyre App to a
          WordPress page or post using shortcode.</p>
        <p>To enable Visualization Apps, embed shortcode in your post or page.</p>
      </section>
    </conbody>
  </concept>
  <task id="t_embed_a_livefyre_app_inside_a_wordpress_page_or_post">
    <title>Embed a Livefyre App Inside a Wordpress Page or Post</title>
    <taskbody>
      <context id="context_bs3_kys_kbb">
        <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">t_embed_a_livefyre_app_inside_a_wordpress_page_or_post.dita</draft-comment>
      </context>
      <steps id="steps_cs3_kys_kbb">
        <step>
          <cmd>Create an App in Livefyre.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>In Livefyre, click on the App to embed in your WordPress page or post.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Find the App ID of the App.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>In WordPress, enter the following shortcode, replacing appID with the App ID:</cmd>
          <info>
            <codeph>[livefyre_designer app_id=”appID”]</codeph>
          </info>
        </step>
      </steps>
    </taskbody>
  </task>
  <task id="t_install_livefyre_for_wordpress">
    <title>Install Livefyre for WordPress</title>
    <taskbody>
      <context id="context_b13_2ys_kbb">
        <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">t_install_livefyre_for_wordpress.dita</draft-comment>
      </context>
      <steps id="steps_c13_2ys_kbb">
        <step>
          <cmd>Search for the <uicontrol>Livefyre Apps</uicontrol> plugin in WordPress.org.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Follow the WordPress instructions to install the plugin.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Deactivate all previous Livefyre plugins (Livefyre Comments, Livefyre
            Sidenotes).</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Activate the <uicontrol>Livefyre Apps</uicontrol> plugin.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>From the WordPress navigation panel, go to <uicontrol>Livefyre Apps &gt;
              General</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>From the top right pane, select <uicontrol>Environment Type &gt;
            Enterprise</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Enter your Site information (<uicontrol>Livefyre Access Details</uicontrol>).</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Use the <uicontrol>Livefyre App Management</uicontrol> panel to enable the Apps you
            wish to include on your site.</cmd>
        </step>
      </steps>
    </taskbody>
  </task>
  <concept id="c_troubleshooting_visualization_apps_in_wordpress_shortcode">
    <title>Troubleshooting: Visualization Apps in WordPress Shortcode</title>
    <shortdesc />
    <conbody>
      <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">c_troubleshooting_visualization_apps_in_wordpress_shortcode.dita</draft-comment>
      <table id="table_xqd_grm_5z">
        <tgroup cols="2">
          <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" />
          <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" />
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <b>Problem</b>
              </entry>
              <entry>
                <b>Solution</b>
              </entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <uicontrol>App not displaying</uicontrol>
              </entry>
              <entry>Check that you have the correct App ID</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry />
              <entry>If you use more than one network, check that you are using the correct
                network.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry />
              <entry>Check that you are using the correct credentials.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <uicontrol>Can’t find App ID</uicontrol>
              </entry>
              <entry>The App ID is an alphanumeric string that Livefyre generates. You can find it
                within the Livefyre Application in the App you want to display in WordPress. For
                more help finding the App ID, contact Livefyre support at
                https://livefyre.zendesk.com/hc/en-us.</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </conbody>
  </concept>
</dita>