<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_content_behavior_features">
 <title>Content Behavior Features</title>
 <shortdesc>Livefyre offers features in Apps that allow you to choose how site visitors view App
  content.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <section id="section_emd_syl_d1b">
   <title>Streaming Real Time</title>
   <p>Livefyre Apps stream content in real-time when content is published manually from Studio or
    from a content stream. this means that newly published content will appear in the app without
    the end user needing to refresh the app page.</p>
   <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
   <ul id="ul_exz_xjb_h1b">
    <li><xref href="c_chat_app.dita#c_chat_app">Chat</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_media_wall_app.dita#c_media_wall_app">Media Wall</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_mosaic_app.dita#c_mosaic_app">Mosaic</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_polls_app.dita#c_polls_app">Polls</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_reviews_app.dita#c_reviews_app">Reviews</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_sidenotes_app.dita#c_sidenotes_app">Sidenotes</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_storify2.dita#c_storify2">Storify 2</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_trending_app.dita#c_trending_app">Trending</xref></li>
   </ul>
  </section>
  <section id="section_mb5_lzl_d1b">
   <title>Pagination</title>
   <p>Choosing the number of pieces of content to show in the app. For some apps, you can choose
    whether to use a "show more" button or allow continuous scroll through content. </p>
   <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
   <ul>
    <li><xref href="c_chat_app.dita#c_chat_app">Chat</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_media_wall_app.dita#c_media_wall_app">Media Wall</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_reviews_app.dita#c_reviews_app">Reviews</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_sidenotes_app.dita#c_sidenotes_app">Sidenotes</xref></li>
   </ul>
  </section>
  <section id="section_q5w_mzl_d1b">
   <title>Items to Load</title>
   <p>The ability to set the initial a number of items to load when viewing the app.</p>
   <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
   <ul id="ul_f1l_blb_h1b">
    <li><xref href="c_carousel_app.dita#c_carousel_app">Carousel</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_media_wall_app.dita#c_media_wall_app">Media Wall</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_mosaic_app.dita#c_mosaic_app">Mosaic</xref></li>
   </ul>
  </section>
  <section id="section_p21_bbm_d1b">
   <title>Queue Comments</title>
   <p>Stop live streaming and queue content at the top of the stream to control high velocity
    conversations.</p>
   <p>Use Queue Comments to provide a better user experience with high velocity conversations.
    Designed to encourage thoughtful reading, rather than a real-time experience of posted comments,
    this feature queues new comments at the top of the stream, and displays a counter of the number
    of new posts, rather than the posts themselves. Clicking on this number streams the oldest 10
    comments into the conversation. Clicking again will stream the next 10. As new replies are
    posted, they are added to the queue.</p>
   <p>The Queue comments feature is available for Comments, and may be set at the network, site or
    conversation levels, from Studio’s Settings tab.</p>
   <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
   <ul id="ul_sh4_blb_h1b">
    <li><xref href="c_chat_app.dita#c_chat_app">Chat</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref></li>
   </ul>
  </section>
  <section id="section_d5c_2bm_d1b">
   <title>Throttle Content</title>
   <p>Throttle content using intelligent rules to control high velocity conversations.</p>
   <p>Use Throttle Content to control high velocity chats, when the real time nature of the content
    is important. When enabled, Throttle Content throttles high velocity content streams, and
    displays only content that the system deems most “intelligent.”</p>
   <p>When this feature is enabled:</p>
   <ul id="ul_arv_jmb_vy">
    <li>Users see their own content stream into the page, because is will be deemed “intelligent
     content” for that user.</li>
    <li>Users can view all previous content upon page load or refresh.</li>
    <li>Moderators will not experience a throttled stream; they see all content stream in.</li>
    <li>Because Moderator-generated content is deemed intelligent, it will always stream into the
     Collection for all users.</li>
   </ul>
   <p>If the velocity drops, Livefyre will display all content, streaming in real-time.</p>
   <p>This feature may be enabled at the Collection level using Collection Settings in Studio. You
    may not Throttle Content at the network or site level.</p>
   <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
   <ul id="ul_nbt_blb_h1b">
    <li><xref href="c_chat_app.dita#c_chat_app">Chat</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref></li>
   </ul>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
