<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd"[]>
<dita>
  <concept id="c_content_behavior_features">
    <title>Content Behavior Features</title>
    <shortdesc>Livefyre offers features in Apps that allow you to choose how site visitors view App
      content.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
      <metadata>
        <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager" />
      </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
      <p>On this page:<ul id="ul_ar1_bsd_fcb"><li><xref href="#c_content_behavior_features/section_emd_syl_d1b" format="dita" /></li><li><xref href="#c_content_behavior_features/section_mb5_lzl_d1b" format="dita" /></li><li><xref href="#c_content_behavior_features/section_q5w_mzl_d1b" format="dita" /></li><li><xref href="#c_content_behavior_features/section_p21_bbm_d1b" format="dita" /></li><li><xref href="#c_content_behavior_features/section_d5c_2bm_d1b" format="dita" /></li><li><xref href="#c_photo_upload" format="dita" /></li><li><xref href="#t_upload_photos" format="dita" /></li><li><xref href="#c_user_posts" format="dita" /><ul id="ul_wds_pvd_fcb"><li><xref href="#c_user_posts/section_bty_ww2_wy" format="dita" /></li><li><xref href="#c_user_posts/section_mg1_sw2_wy" format="dita" /></li><li><xref href="#c_user_posts/section_ubz_pw2_wy" format="dita" /></li><li><xref href="#c_user_posts/section_its_kw2_wy" format="dita" /></li><li><xref href="#c_user_posts/section_ubt_qwx_vy" format="dita" /></li><li><xref href="#c_user_posts/section_gbr_pwx_vy" format="dita" /></li><li><xref href="#c_user_posts/section_j3l_qvx_vy" format="dita" /></li><li><xref href="#c_user_posts/section_bpg_nwx_vy" format="dita" /></li><li><xref href="#c_user_posts/section_ypt_qr4_h1b" format="dita" /></li></ul></li></ul></p>
      <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">c_content_behavior_features.dita</draft-comment>
      <section id="section_emd_syl_d1b">
        <title>Streaming Real Time</title>
        <p>Livefyre Apps stream content in real-time when content is published manually from Studio
          or from a content stream. this means that newly published content will appear in the app
          without the end user needing to refresh the app page.</p>
        <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
        <ul id="ul_exz_xjb_h1b">
          <li>
            <xref href="c_chat_app.dita#c_chat_app">Chat</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_media_wall_app.dita#c_media_wall_app">Media Wall</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_mosaic_app.dita#c_mosaic_app">Mosaic</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_polls_app.dita#c_polls_app">Polls</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_reviews_app.dita#c_reviews_app">Reviews</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_sidenotes_app.dita#c_sidenotes_app">Sidenotes</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_storify2.dita#c_storify2">Storify 2</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_trending_app.dita#c_trending_app">Trending</xref>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </section>
      <section id="section_mb5_lzl_d1b">
        <title>Pagination</title>
        <p>Choosing the number of pieces of content to show in the app. For some apps, you can
          choose whether to use a "show more" button or allow continuous scroll through content. </p>
        <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
        <ul id="ul_zqd_sm4_lbb">
          <li>
            <xref href="c_chat_app.dita#c_chat_app">Chat</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_media_wall_app.dita#c_media_wall_app">Media Wall</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_reviews_app.dita#c_reviews_app">Reviews</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_sidenotes_app.dita#c_sidenotes_app">Sidenotes</xref>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </section>
      <section id="section_q5w_mzl_d1b">
        <title>Items to Load</title>
        <p>The ability to set the initial a number of items to load when viewing the app.</p>
        <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
        <ul id="ul_f1l_blb_h1b">
          <li>
            <xref href="c_carousel_app.dita#c_carousel_app">Carousel</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_media_wall_app.dita#c_media_wall_app">Media Wall</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_mosaic_app.dita#c_mosaic_app">Mosaic</xref>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </section>
      <section id="section_p21_bbm_d1b">
        <title>Queue Comments</title>
        <p>Stop live streaming and queue content at the top of the stream to control high velocity
          conversations.</p>
        <p>Use Queue Comments to provide a better user experience with high velocity conversations.
          Designed to encourage thoughtful reading, rather than a real-time experience of posted
          comments, this feature queues new comments at the top of the stream, and displays a
          counter of the number of new posts, rather than the posts themselves. Clicking on this
          number streams the oldest 10 comments into the conversation. Clicking again will stream
          the next 10. As new replies are posted, they are added to the queue.</p>
        <p>The Queue comments feature is available for Comments, and may be set at the network, site
          or conversation levels, from Studio’s Settings tab.</p>
        <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
        <ul id="ul_sh4_blb_h1b">
          <li>
            <xref href="c_chat_app.dita#c_chat_app">Chat</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </section>
      <section id="section_d5c_2bm_d1b">
        <title>Throttle Content</title>
        <p>Throttle content using intelligent rules to control high velocity conversations.</p>
        <p>Use Throttle Content to control high velocity chats, when the real time nature of the
          content is important. When enabled, Throttle Content throttles high velocity content
          streams, and displays only content that the system deems most “intelligent.”</p>
        <p>When this feature is enabled:</p>
        <ul id="ul_arv_jmb_vy">
          <li>Users see their own content stream into the page, because is will be deemed
            “intelligent content” for that user.</li>
          <li>Users can view all previous content upon page load or refresh.</li>
          <li>Moderators will not experience a throttled stream; they see all content stream
            in.</li>
          <li>Because Moderator-generated content is deemed intelligent, it will always stream into
            the Collection for all users.</li>
        </ul>
        <p>If the velocity drops, Livefyre will display all content, streaming in real-time.</p>
        <p>This feature may be enabled at the Collection level using Collection Settings in Studio.
          You may not Throttle Content at the network or site level.</p>
        <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
        <ul id="ul_nbt_blb_h1b">
          <li>
            <xref href="c_chat_app.dita#c_chat_app">Chat</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </section>
    </conbody>
    <concept id="c_photo_upload">
      <title>Photo Upload</title>
      <shortdesc>Upload images to a Live Blog, Chat, Reviews, or Comments stream.</shortdesc>
      <conbody>
        <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">c_photo_upload.dita</draft-comment>
        <p>Photos may be uploaded directly into any App from a user’s mobile photo library, computer
          hard drive, or social network accounts.</p>
        <p>The Settings for a Collection or site allow you to define whether users may upload photos
          into an App. This option may be enabled at the network, site, or Collection level. Owners
          and moderators are always able to upload photos into any App.</p>
        <p>This photo upload feature can be used in conjunction with the “Premoderate Media”
          setting.</p>
        <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
        <ul id="ul_qzp_ccj_h1b">
          <li>
            <xref href="c_chat_app.dita#c_chat_app">Chat</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_reviews_app.dita#c_reviews_app">Reviews</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_upload_button_app.dita#c_upload_button_app">Upload Button</xref>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </conbody>
    </concept>
    <task id="t_upload_photos">
      <title>Upload Photos</title>
      <shortdesc>Photos may be uploaded directly into any App from a user’s mobile photo library,
        computer hard drive, or social network accounts.</shortdesc>
      <taskbody>
        <context id="context_d1r_bmk_mbb">
          <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">t_upload_photos.dita</draft-comment>
        </context>
        <steps id="steps_e1r_bmk_mbb">
          <step>
            <cmd>Click on the Photo icon in the left of the comment editor,</cmd>
            <stepresult>A filepicker modal displays with a list of the possible sources for the
              image.</stepresult>
          </step>
          <step>
            <cmd>Select the source of the image to be uploaded. </cmd>
          </step>
          <step>
            <cmd>Select the file(s) you wish to upload. Multiple images may be uploaded at a time,
              with no limit on the number of images. The maximum file size per file is 4MB.A preview
              of the image(s) will be displayed before posting into the stream. Images may be
              removed before posting.</cmd>
          </step>
          <step>
            <cmd>Enter content into the editor (optional) and click Post.</cmd>
            <stepresult>The image will be expanded by default. If there are multiple images, the
              first image expands and all other images display as thumbnails underneath, in a
              gallery view.</stepresult>
          </step>
        </steps>
      </taskbody>
    </task>
    <concept id="c_user_posts">
      <title>User Posts</title>
      <shortdesc>Allow users to post, edit, flag, delete, reply to and like content in your
        Collections, with a full range of rich text formatting options.</shortdesc>
      <conbody>
        <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">c_user_posts.dita</draft-comment>
        <p>Livefyre Apps allow your users to post and interact with content seamlessly and
          intuitively. The Livefyre interface provides rich text and image input, the ability to
          Like, Flag, or Reply to others’ comments, as well as the ability to edit or delete your
          own, previous posts.</p>
        <section id="section_bty_ww2_wy">
          <title>Post</title>
          <p>Users may post content when logged in by entering a comment or media link in the editor
            box and clicking <uicontrol>Post comment</uicontrol>.</p>
          <p>To post content when not logged in, users enter a comment or media link in the editor,
            and click <uicontrol>Post comment as…</uicontrol>. The login window will appear to
            prompt a login.</p>
          <p>(Most browsers allow 8,000 character comments; Internet Explorer allows 1,500
            characters.)</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_mg1_sw2_wy">
          <title>Rich Text Formatting</title>
          <p>Users may style comments using rich text formatting, including bold, italics,
            underline, and numbered and bulleted lists.</p>
          <note>Rich text formatting is not available on mobile.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="section_ubz_pw2_wy">
          <title>Reply</title>
          <p>Users may reply to any comment in a thread by clicking the Reply link for that
            comment.</p>
          <p>For Chat and Live Blog, replies may be enabled or disabled using the Collection’s
            settings within Studio.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_its_kw2_wy">
          <title>Like</title>
          <p>Users must be logged in to like another user’s content, and may not like their own
            content.</p>
          <p>The number of likes and up to four user avatars are displayed next to the
              <uicontrol>Like</uicontrol> button.</p>
          <p>When liking content, the <uicontrol>Like</uicontrol> link will change to
              <uicontrol>Unlike</uicontrol>. Clicking <uicontrol>Unlike</uicontrol> will remove the
            avatar for that user and decrease the number by 1.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_ubt_qwx_vy">
          <title>Edit</title>
          <p>By default, users can edit their own content within 5 minutes of posting, by clicking
            the <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> link to open an Edit text box.</p>
          <p>You may disable this feature at the Collection level using the Settings panel of
            Studio. The Settings panel may also be used to change the time during which comments may
            be edited at the network level.</p>
          <p>Moderators may edit user content at any time, both inline in the stream and from the
            Content panel.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_gbr_pwx_vy">
          <title>Delete</title>
          <p>Users may delete their own content at any time by clicking
              <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol> (displayed when hovering over the content). Moderators
            may click <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol> to remove any user’s content.
              (<uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol> is not available on mobile.)</p>
          <note>When a user deletes their own content, it is removed from your network and is no
            longer displayed in Studio.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="section_j3l_qvx_vy">
          <title>Flag</title>
          <p>Users may Flag another user’s content by clicking the <uicontrol>Flag</uicontrol> link
            displayed when hovering over the content.</p>
          <p>Clicking this link will display the Flag modal, allowing users to flag the content as
              <uicontrol>Offensive</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>Disagree</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>Off
              Topic</uicontrol>, or <uicontrol>Spam</uicontrol>. An optional Note and email address
            may be added with the flag.</p>
          <p>Users do not need to be signed in to flag a comment, allowing anyone to flag a comment
            for moderation, without having to create an account.</p>
          <p>To discourage other users from simply flagging flagged content, flagging a comment does
            not change its display. Flags are visible only to moderators, who may use Studio to
            search and view by flag. Moderators may also enable emails to notify them immediately
            when a comment is flagged in moderated conversations.</p>
          <p>If a moderator flags a comment as Spam, the comment will immediately be set to the Bozo
            state and removed from the stream. The Spam Filter will be updated and improved for your
            network, based on this action.</p>
          <p>You may also create Moderation Rules, to automate the actions taken on flagged
            comments.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_bpg_nwx_vy">
          <title>Sort</title>
          <p>Streamed content may be sorted by age, newest first (default) or oldest first, by
            clicking the <uicontrol>Newest</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Oldest</uicontrol> links at the
            top of the stream.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_ypt_qr4_h1b">
          <title>Collapse/Expand</title>
          <ul id="ul_b5q_hwx_vy">
            <li>
              <p>
                <uicontrol>Collapse Replies</uicontrol>
              </p>
              <p>Replies may be expanded or collapsed in the stream by clicking the <b>+ / –</b>
                buttons above the replies.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <p>
                <uicontrol>Collapsed View</uicontrol>
              </p>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </section>
        <section id="section_blk_ccj_h1b">
          <p>Apps that use User Posts:</p>
          <ul id="ul_qzp_ccj_h1b">
            <li>
              <xref href="c_chat_app.dita#c_chat_app">Chat</xref>
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref>
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="c_reviews_app.dita#c_reviews_app">Reviews</xref>
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="c_sidenotes_app.dita#c_sidenotes_app">Sidenotes</xref>
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="c_storify2.dita#c_storify2">Storify 2</xref>
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="c_upload_button_app.dita#c_upload_button_app">Upload Button</xref>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </section>
      </conbody>
    </concept>
  </concept>
</dita>