<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_configuration_options">
 <title>Configuration Options</title>
 <shortdesc>Choose Style, Display, and User Engagement configuration options for Storify 2 from
  Livefyre Studio.</shortdesc>
 <prolog>
  <metadata>
   <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
  </metadata>
 </prolog>
 <conbody>
  <p><b>Style Options</b></p>
  <ul id="ul_ath_xyw_qy">
   <li>
    <p><uicontrol>Theme</uicontrol></p>
    <p>Select <b>Light</b> or <b>Dark</b> to define the background color for your displayed content.
     Changes made to this setting will be immediately reflected in the preview to the right. This
     setting controls background, content text, user handle, timestamp, share button, and social
     icon color selection for the App.</p>
   </li>
   <li>
    <p><uicontrol>Brand color</uicontrol></p>
    <p>Select a color for your App. This color will be used for hashtags, URLs, usernames,
     @mentions, bar charts, and other App-specific components, as displayed in the preview pane to
     the right.</p>
   </li>
   <li>
    <p><uicontrol>Font family</uicontrol></p>
    <p>Select a font for user generated content in your App. Selecting Georgia or Times New Roman
     will assign that font to content, and Helvetica Neue to usernames and display names. Selecting
     Helvetica, Verdana, or Trebuchet will assign those fonts to content, usernames, and display
     names.</p>
   </li>
   <li>
    <p><uicontrol>Posts appear in cards</uicontrol></p>
    <p>If enabled, posts will be displayed within a surrounding box, and the background color
     dictated by the Theme selection applied.</p>
   </li>
   <li>
    <p><uicontrol>Show header</uicontrol></p>
    <p>If enabled, the story’s header (sort menu and number of viewers) will be displayed.</p>
   </li>
  </ul>
  <p><b>Display</b></p>
  <ul id="ul_bj4_jzw_qy">
   <li>
    <p><uicontrol>Byline </uicontrol></p>
    <p>If enabled, you may select whether to list the original author’s name, or a team name as the
     byline for your Story.</p>
    <note>Individual bylines will always reflect the content’s original author, and not any
     subsequent editors.</note>
   </li>
   <li>
    <p><uicontrol>Byline type</uicontrol>
    </p>
    <p>If <uicontrol>Byline</uicontrol> is enabled, this pulldown allows you to select the type of
     byline to be displayed: team byline, or individual bylines. Use the field below
      <uicontrol>Byline type</uicontrol> to enter the text to display as byline.</p>
    <note>The most recent change to this setting, by any Storify 2 editor, will be reflected upon
     publication.</note>
   </li>
   <li>
    <p><uicontrol>Set time zone</uicontrol></p>
    <p>Allows you to select the time zone to be used for the Story. This location will be used to
     timestamp all Posts within the Story. (End users will see this translated to their local time,
     but may hover over the timestamp they see to reveal the timestamp set for the Story.)</p>
   </li>
   <li>
    <p><uicontrol>Load more posts</uicontrol></p>
    <p>Choose whether posts display continuously as a user scrolls down or whether to display a Show
     More button.</p>
   </li>
  </ul>
  <p><uicontrol>User Engagement</uicontrol></p>
  <ul id="ul_bs5_d1x_qy">
   <li>
    <p><uicontrol>Users may share posts</uicontrol></p>
    <p>If enabled, users may share your story to Twitter or Facebook. For more information on
     enabling sharing, see Settings > Integration Settings > Social Sharing.</p>
   </li>
   <li>
    <p><uicontrol>Users may add sidenotes</uicontrol></p>
    <p>If enabled, users may add Sidenotes to your posts.</p>
   </li>
   <li>
    <p><uicontrol>Number of views </uicontrol></p>
    <p>If enabled, the number of times the story has been viewed will be displayed.</p>
   </li>
  </ul>
 </conbody>
</concept>
