<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_collectionmeta_object">
 <title>CollectionMeta Object</title>
 <shortdesc>The <codeph>CollectionMeta</codeph> object is a JSON object that specifies metadata to
  store within the Collection.</shortdesc>
 <prolog>
  <metadata>
   <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
  </metadata>
 </prolog>
 <conbody>
  <p>
   <codeph>CollectionMeta</codeph> is always encoded before being passed to Livefyre for security.
   The encoded value is passed into the <codeph>ConvConfig</codeph> object shown above.</p>
  <note>You must add server-side code to encode the <codeph>CollectionMeta</codeph> JSON object. See
   <!--HRK 4/11/17 need links-->Building Server-side Tokens for more information.</note>
  <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_ibg_xc5_nz">
   <tgroup cols="3">
    <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1.0*"/>
    <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1.0*"/>
    <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1.0*"/>
    <thead>
     <row>
      <entry>Parameter</entry>
      <entry>Type</entry>
      <entry>Description</entry>
     </row>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
     <row>
      <entry><varname>articleId</varname></entry>
      <entry>String (required)</entry>
      <entry>A unique ID for the Collection.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry><varname>title</varname></entry>
      <entry>String (required) </entry>
      <entry>
       <p>The title you wish to apply to the Collection. This often corresponds to the title of the
        page that displays the App.</p>
       <p>For example: “Integration is So Much Fun!”</p>
       <note>The max character length for the title is 255 characters. The title field does not
        support HTML entities. Please encode special characters using UTF-8.</note>
      </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry><varname>url</varname></entry>
      <entry>String (required)</entry>
      <entry>
       <p>The canonical absolute URL you wish to attach to this Collection. This URL will be used to
        generate links back to the App from content shared on Facebook and Twitter, email
        notifications, and Livefyre Studio.</p>
       <note>Livefyre requires the use of a fully qualified domain name; the port number or a
        callback to resolve the local setup is not required. If testing locally, be certain to use a
        valid base URL domain. (For example: http://customer.com is valid, while
        http://localhost:5995 is not.) Once you have set up your local webserver to accept a fully
        qualified domain name, no callbacks or resolutions are needed, and local development can
        proceed as expected.</note>
      </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry><varname>type</varname></entry>
      <entry>String (required)</entry>
      <entry>The Collection type. Must be <codeph>livechat</codeph>.</entry>
     </row>
    </tbody>
   </tgroup>
  </table>
  <p>The <codeph>CollectionMeta</codeph> object may also contain the following optional
   parameter:</p>
  <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_ixr_4d5_nz">
   <tgroup cols="3">
    <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1.0*"/>
    <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1.0*"/>
    <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1.0*"/>
    <thead>
     <row>
      <entry>Parameter</entry>
      <entry>Type</entry>
      <entry>Description</entry>
     </row>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
     <row>
      <entry><varname>tags</varname></entry>
      <entry>(optional) string</entry>
      <entry>A comma-separated list of single keywords or phrases. Search Collections by tags within
       Studio or with the search API.<b>Note: </b>While tags added through Studio may contain
       spaces, tags entered through the API cannot. Use underscores to define tags that will display
       spaces in the UI. (For example: use Monday_Quarterback to display Monday Quarterback in
       Studio.) </entry>
     </row>
    </tbody>
   </tgroup>
  </table>
 </conbody>
</concept>
