<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_collectionmeta_tokent">
 <title>Step 1: CollectionMeta Token</title>
 <shortdesc>Create a unique token on your server that identifies every collection that you
    create.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
    <section id="section_ort_f4n_sz">
      <p>Livefyre assigns a unique identifier to every Collection you create. Livefyre assigns a
        title, URL, and other parameters, including:</p>
      <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_ggl_gnn_sz">
        <title>collectionMeta Token Parameters</title>
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1.0*"/>
          <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1.0*"/>
          <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1.0*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>Parameter</entry>
              <entry>Type</entry>
              <entry>Description</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>networkName</entry>
              <entry>String (optional) </entry>
              <entry>
                <p>The name of the Livefyre network (available from <uicontrol>Studio > Settings >
                    Integration Settings > Credentials</uicontrol>). This is optional when using the
                  library to create a collectionMeta token.</p>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>networkKey</entry>
              <entry>String (optional) </entry>
              <entry>The secret key for the specific network (available from <uicontrol>Studio >
                  Settings > Integration Settings > Credentials</uicontrol>). This is optional when
                using the library to create a collectionMeta token.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>siteId</entry>
              <entry>String (optional)  </entry>
              <entry>The ID for the site (available from <uicontrol>Studio > Settings > Integration
                  Settings > Credentials</uicontrol>). Optional when using the library to create a
                collectionMeta token.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>siteKey</entry>
              <entry>String (optional) </entry>
              <entry>The secret key for the site (available from <uicontrol>Studio > Settings >
                  Integration Settings > Credentials</uicontrol>).</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>articleId</entry>
              <entry>String (optional) </entry>
              <entry> A unique ID for the Collection.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>title</entry>
              <entry>String (optional) </entry>
              <entry>
                <p>The title you wish to apply to the Collection. Usually, this corresponds to the
                  title of the page that displays the App.</p>
                <p>For example: “Integration is So Much Fun!”</p>
                <note>The max character length for the title is 255 characters. The title field does
                  not support HTML entities. Please encode special characters using UTF-8.</note>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>url</entry>
              <entry>String (optional) </entry>
              <entry>
                <p>The canonical absolute URL you wish to attach to this Collection. This URL will
                  be used to generate links back to the App from content shared on Facebook and
                  Twitter, email notifications, and Livefyre Studio.</p>
                <note>If testing locally, use a valid base URL domain (For example:
                    <i><b>valid</b></i>: http://customer.com; <i><b>invalid</b></i>:
                  http://localhost:5995).</note>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>tags</entry>
              <entry>String (optional) </entry>
              <entry>
                <p>A comma-separated list of single keywords or phrases. Search Collections by tags
                  using Studio. </p>
                <note>Tags cannot contain spaces. Use underscores if you wish a space to appear in
                  the UI.</note>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>extensions</entry>
              <entry>JSON (optional)  </entry>
              <entry>A JSON-formatted set of params to pass along to the Collection.</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
    <section id="section_orz_m4n_sz">
      <title>Java</title>
      <codeblock>import com.livefyre.Livefyre;
import com.livefyre.core.Network;
import com.livefyre.core.Site;
import com.livefyre.core.Collection;
 
Network network = Livefyre.getNetwork("networkName", "networkKey");
Site site = network.getSite("siteId", "siteKey");
Collection collection = site.buildCommentsCollection("title", "articleId", "http://www.example.com");
collection.getData().setTags("tags");
 
String collectionMetaToken = collection.buildCollectionMetaToken();

 </codeblock>
    </section>
    <section id="section_kpk_44n_sz">
      <title>NodeJS</title>
      <codeblock>var livefyre = require('livefyre');
 
var network = livefyre.getNetwork('networkName', 'networkKey');
var site = network.getSite('siteId', 'siteKey');
var collection = site.buildCommentsCollection('title', 'articleId', 'http://www.example.com');
collection.data.tags = 'tags';
 
var collectionMetaToken = collection.buildCollectionMetaToken();
</codeblock>
    </section>
    <section id="section_zmd_zbj_tz">
      <title>PHP</title>
      <codeblock>$network = Livefyre::getNetwork("networkName", "networkKey");
$site = $network->getSite("siteId", "siteKey");
$collection = $site->buildCommentsCollection("title", "articleId", "http://www.example.com");
$collection->getData()->setTags("tags");
 
$collectionMetaToken = $collection->buildCollectionMetaToken();</codeblock>
    </section>
    <section id="section_rdm_prj_tz">
      <title>Python</title>
      <codeblock>from livefyre import Livefyre
 
network = Livefyre.get_network('networkName', 'networkKey')
site = network.get_site('siteId', 'siteKey')
collection = site.build_comments_collection('title', 'articleId', 'http://www.example.com')
collection.data.tags = 'tags'
 
collection_meta_token = collection.build_collection_meta_token()</codeblock>
    </section>
    <section id="section_l5n_qrj_tz">
      <title>Ruby</title>
      <codeblock>require 'livefyre'
 
network = Livefyre.get_network('networkName', 'networkKey')
site = network.get_site('siteId', 'siteKey')
collection = site.build_comments_collection('title', 'articleId', 'http://www.example.com')
collection.data.tags = 'tags'
 
collection_meta_token = collection.build_collection_meta_token
</codeblock>
      <note importance="high">Livefyre receives the collectionMeta token you build and determines
        uniqueness by combining siteId (Livefyre provided) and articleId (customer
        specified).</note>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>
