<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_creating_reviews">
 <title>Creating a Reviews App</title>
 <shortdesc>Reviews offers a broad range of customizations, allowing you to create a Review App
  which matches your needs and branding.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
 <conbody>
    <section>On this page:<ul id="ul_imp_b2f_kcb">
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_creating_reviews/section_hs5_c4h_21b" format="dita"/>
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_creating_reviews/section_cqn_c4h_21b" format="dita"/>
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_creating_reviews/section_cnx_snh_21b" format="dita"/>
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_creating_reviews/section_xcm_4nh_21b" format="dita"/>
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_creating_reviews/section_ysz_lnh_21b" format="dita"/>
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_creating_reviews/section_hcm_jnh_21b" format="dita"/>
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_creating_reviews/section_tjf_hnh_21b" format="dita"/>
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_creating_reviews/section_yng_fnh_21b" format="dita"/>
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_creating_reviews/section_llh_2nh_21b" format="dita"/>
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_creating_reviews/section_xrh_wmh_21b" format="dita"/>
        </li>
      </ul></section>
    <section id="section_hs5_c4h_21b">
      <title>Ratings</title>
      <p>Ratings are the numerical value your users assign to the Review. Every Review must include
        a Rating, which is shown as a 5 star system by default. (While ratings are displayed as 0.5
        – 5 in the App, Livefyre stores a ratio of X/100 in the backend, such that 1 star is 20/100,
        and 2 stars is 40/100. This ratio is displayed when viewing the reviews within Studio.)</p>
      <p>The Rating scale of 0.5 through 5 can be configured up to a rating of 100, with half
        ratings also available.</p>
      <p>For more information, see the maxRating field for the Reviews convConfig object.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_cqn_c4h_21b">
      <title>Rating Icon Styling</title>
      <p>Rating icons may be customized to fit your branding and style.</p>
      <p>For more information, please see <uicontrol>Configure Star Ratings</uicontrol> under
        Reviews Customization.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_cnx_snh_21b">
      <title>Rating Dimensions</title>
      <p>Rating dimensions are the categories about which your reviewers are rating your product or
        service. Examples of rating dimensions are “performance,” “design,” “cost,” “overall,” or
        any other category you choose.</p>
      <p>The default is to display one “overall” rating dimension, however you may define and
        implement multiple rating dimensions, as displayed in the example below.</p>
      <p>For more information, see the ratingDimensions field under Review Collection Metadata.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_xcm_4nh_21b">
      <title>Review Text Fields</title>
      <p>You may also include additional text fields on the product or experience being reviewed.
        (For example, text fields might include Pros and Cons, or Don’t Miss.) The number, title and
        default text for the field are customizable. Users will be required to complete all text
        fields, as well as the review title, body and rating, in order to publish their review. It
        is not possible to include optional text fields.</p>
      <p>For more information, see the ratingDimensions field for the Review Collection
        Metadata.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_ysz_lnh_21b">
      <title>Review Summary</title>
      <p>By default, a summary section is displayed at the top of the Reviews App. This section
        includes a visualization of the Average User Rating and the Rating Breakdown for the Reviews
        Collection, displaying whole numbers only. This section is read-only and can be hidden if
        desired.</p>
      <p>For more information, see the ratingSummaryEnabled field for the Reviews convConfig
        object.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_hcm_jnh_21b">
      <title>Spam and Profanity Filter</title>
      <p>The text of a Review’s Title and Body is passed through our Spam Filter and Profanity
        Filter as soon as the Review is posted.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_tjf_hnh_21b">
      <title>Text Customization</title>
      <p>Text strings, including tooltips and labels, may be customized for language or to fit your
        brand.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_yng_fnh_21b">
      <title>Replying to a Review</title>
      <p>Users may reply to their own or other’s Review in each Reviews Collection. Only users who
        are logged in can post a reply to a review.</p>
      <p>The option for users to reply to a Review is enabled in Studio. Owners may toggle this
        setting for the Network, Site or Collection level. Moderators may enable this setting only
        for their Collections.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_llh_2nh_21b">
      <title>SocialSync and Curate</title>
      <p>Because Reviews is designed to add a numerical value for each piece of submitted content,
        SocialSync and Curate are not supported with the Reviews.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_xrh_wmh_21b"><title>Reviews APIs</title><p>Reviews APIs are available to
        allow you to display average user rating and rating breakdown information and user reviews
        activity on other sections across your site.</p><xref
        href="http://livefyre-devhub-production.herokuapp.com/developers/api-reference/#ratings-reviews"
        format="html" scope="external">Ratings and Reviews</xref><dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><uicontrol>Bootstrap API Endpoint</uicontrol></dt>
          <dd>The <xref
              href="http://livefyre-devhub-production.herokuapp.com/developers/api-reference/#bootstrap-api-endpoint"
              format="html" scope="external">Bootstrap API Endpoint</xref> allows your review to be
            read by search engines like Google so that the content and keywords can improve your
            search engine optimization.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><uicontrol>Average User Ratings</uicontrol></dt>
          <dd>The <xref
              href="http://livefyre-devhub-production.herokuapp.com/developers/api-reference/#average-user-ratings"
              format="html" scope="external">Average User Ratings</xref> API retrieves the average
            user rating for one or more Reviews Collections, allowing you to create a visualization
            of this information on an index page or add to a search index page.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><uicontrol>Ratings Breakdown</uicontrol></dt>
          <dd>The <xref
              href="http://livefyre-devhub-production.herokuapp.com/developers/api-reference/#ratings-breakdown"
              format="html" scope="external">Ratings Breakdown</xref> API retrieves a breakdown of
            all ratings for a specific Reviews Collection and allows you to create a visualization
            that displays the number of reviews that are associated with each star rating.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><uicontrol>User Reviews</uicontrol></dt>
          <dd>The <xref
              href="http://livefyre-devhub-production.herokuapp.com/developers/api-reference/#user-reviews"
              format="html" scope="external">User Reviews</xref> API retrieves the most recent
            reviews for a specific user. This activity can be used to display a user’s reviews on
            their public profile page.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl></section>
  </conbody>
</concept>
