<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept id="concept_isg_4jt_bbb">
  <title>Create an App</title>
  <shortdesc>To add an App to your site, you must first create an App in Livefyre Studio.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager" />
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>On this page:</p>
    <ul id="ul_dxy_w3n_3cb">
      <li>
        <xref href="#concept_isg_4jt_bbb/section_eyp_ykt_bbb" format="dita" />
      </li>
      <li>
        <xref href="#concept_isg_4jt_bbb/section_lvj_xlt_bbb" format="dita" />
      </li>
      <li>
        <xref href="#concept_isg_4jt_bbb/section_cpf_cmt_bbb" format="dita" />
      </li>
      <li>
        <xref href="#concept_isg_4jt_bbb/section_eyy_4mt_bbb" format="dita" />
      </li>
      <li>
        <xref href="#concept_isg_4jt_bbb/section_df1_smt_bbb" format="dita" />
      </li>
      <li>
        <xref href="#concept_isg_4jt_bbb/section_jsk_vmt_bbb" format="dita" />
      </li>
      <li>
        <xref href="#concept_isg_4jt_bbb/section_rxx_xmt_bbb" format="dita" />
      </li>
      <li>
        <xref href="#concept_isg_4jt_bbb/section_w3h_1nt_bbb" format="dita" />
      </li>
      <li><xref href="#concept_isg_4jt_bbb/section_zyx_zyx_xcb" format="dita"/></li>
    </ul>
    <p>To create a new App:</p>
    <ol id="ol_gxl_x1z_vcb">
      <li>
        <p>Click <uicontrol>+New App</uicontrol> from the Apps page, and select an App type from the
          pulldown menu.</p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>The <uicontrol>New App</uicontrol> dialog box appears. Enter an <uicontrol>App
            Title</uicontrol>, select a <uicontrol>Site</uicontrol>, and click
            <uicontrol>Create</uicontrol> to open the App Overview page.</p>
      </li>
    </ol>
    <p>The App Summary page provides 4 tabs:</p>
    <ul id="ul_eqw_2sw_xy">
      <li>
        <uicontrol>App Summary:</uicontrol> provides an overview of the App’s content and status, and
    provides tools to access the App on its site and generate its embed code.</li>
      <li>
        <uicontrol>Designer:</uicontrol> allows you to select design options for the App, including
    fonts, color schemes, and App specific configuration options.</li>
      <li>
        <uicontrol>Streams:</uicontrol> lists all Stream sources for the App’s content. Click the
    Stream’s title to open the Stream Details page, from which it may be edited.</li>
      <li>
        <uicontrol>Settings:</uicontrol> allows you to select App specific settings, including rules
        for adding content to the App, and the types of content to display. Click the
          <uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol> tab to override the Network and Site Settings for the
        App.</li>
    </ul>
    <section id="section_eyp_ykt_bbb">
      <title>Apps List</title>
      <p>The Apps list page provides access to all of your existing Livefyre Apps.</p>
      <p>The Apps list page displays the following information:</p>
      <ul id="ul_pyx_fww_xy">
        <li>
          <uicontrol>Title: </uicontrol>lists your App’s title, and includes an icon indicating the
     App type.</li>
        <li>
          <uicontrol>Site: </uicontrol>lists the App’s location, by site.</li>
        <li>
          <uicontrol>Content Count: </uicontrol>lists the number of pieces of content published to the
     App.</li>
        <li>
          <uicontrol>Date Modified: </uicontrol>lists the last time the App was changed in App
     Designer.</li>
        <li>
          <uicontrol>Embed Code (&lt;/&gt;): </uicontrol>click the icon to generate the embed code for
     your App.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section id="section_lvj_xlt_bbb">
      <title>App Customization</title>
      <p>You can use the App Designer tab to select <uicontrol>Style</uicontrol> and
          <uicontrol>Configuration</uicontrol> options to customize your Apps. </p>
      <p><uicontrol>Style</uicontrol> options are consistent across all App types;
          <uicontrol>Configuration</uicontrol> options vary by App. The bottom of the
          <uicontrol>Style</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Configuration</uicontrol> pane lists the
        Livefyre App version for your App. </p>
      <p><b>Select Style Options</b></p>
      <p>Style Apps to fit your site’s branding. Use the <uicontrol>Style</uicontrol> options to
        select the App’s color and font styles.</p>
      <ul id="ul_bnm_33j_yy">
        <li><uicontrol>Theme</uicontrol>. Select <uicontrol>Light</uicontrol> or
            <uicontrol>Dark</uicontrol> to define the background color for your displayed content.
          Changes made to this setting will be immediately reflected in the preview to the right.
          This setting controls background, content text, user handle, timestamp, share button, and
          social icon color selection for the App.</li>
        <li><uicontrol>Brand color</uicontrol>. Select a color for your App. This color will be used
          for hashtags, URLs, usernames, @mentions, bar charts, and other App-specific components,
          as displayed in the preview pane to the right.</li>
        <li><uicontrol>Font family</uicontrol>. Select a font for user generated content in your
          App. Selecting Georgia or Times New Roman will assign that font to content, and Helvetica
          Neue to usernames and display names. Selecting Helvetica, Verdana, or Trebuchet will
          assign those fonts to content, usernames, and display names.</li>
        <li><uicontrol>Font size</uicontrol>. Select a default font size. This setting will affect
          all user generated content and titles displayed in the App.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section id="section_iwb_4bz_vcb">
      <title>Updating Apps</title>
      <p>If a newer version of the App exists, an <uicontrol>Update </uicontrol>button displays.</p>
      <p>Click the button to update to the newest release version. Refresh your App to use all
        available feature enhancements and bug fixes. Once updated, preview changes made to your App
        (if any), then accept or reject the update.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_cpf_cmt_bbb">
      <title>Add a Call-to-action Button to an App </title>
      <p>Add a Call-to-action button to drive conversion from UGC.</p>
      <p>To add a Call-to-action button to an App:</p>
      <ol id="ol_nbn_fmt_bbb">
        <li>Create a Mosaic or Media Wall App.<p>For information on the customizations available in a
      Mosaic or Media wall, see <xref href="r_mosaic_customizations.dita#r_mosaic_customizations">Mosaic Customizations</xref> or <xref href="r_media_wall_customizations.dita#r_media_wall_customizations">Media Wall
       Customizations</xref>.</p></li>
        <li>Open the Designer for the App.</li>
        <li>Scroll to the <uicontrol>Call-to-Action Button</uicontrol> section in the Designer.</li>
        <li>Switch <uicontrol>Call-to-Action Button</uicontrol> to <uicontrol>on</uicontrol>.</li>
        <li>Configure the Call-to-Action button options.</li>
      </ol>
    </section>
    <section id="section_eyy_4mt_bbb">
      <title>App Previews</title>
      <p>App Designer allows you to preview your App in multiple delivery formats, and with your own or
    sample data displayed.</p>
      <p>Select <uicontrol>Exit Preview</uicontrol> to return to design mode.</p>
      <p>Preview Mode offers the following options:</p>
      <ul id="ul_tkl_msw_xy">
        <li>
          <uicontrol>Preview Options</uicontrol>: Use the pulldown menu to select a preview format
          (mobile, tablet, or desktop) and whether to show <uicontrol>Sample Data</uicontrol> or the
          App’s Stream data.</li>
        <li>
          <note>If you deselect <uicontrol>Sample Data</uicontrol>, and no Stream is enabled for the
            App, no content displays in Preview Mode.</note>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            <uicontrol>Share</uicontrol>: Opens the App in a new browser tab, and generates a URL,
            which may be used to allow friends, colleagues, or non-Studio users to review your App,
            and test it in different browsers and devices.</p>
          <note>Any content posted to a review version of your App will be added to the App. If you
            do not wish this content to appear in your published App, you must delete it before
            clicking <b>Publish</b>.</note>
        </li>
        <li>
          <uicontrol>Exit Preview:</uicontrol> Returns you to edit mode.</li>
      </ul>
      <note>Preview mode is fully interactive, allowing you to test the user experience for your
        App. If you enable <uicontrol>Allow user posts</uicontrol>, users with the preview link can
        click the <uicontrol>What’s on your mind</uicontrol> button and post content to your test
        version. Studio lists content as posted.</note>
    </section>
    <section id="section_df1_smt_bbb">
      <title>App Publishing</title>
      <p>App Designer automatically saves your App after you make a change. You can use
          <uicontrol>Publish</uicontrol> to generate an embed code, or to update any previously
        published versions of this App with the current version.</p>
      <note>Clicking <uicontrol>Publish</uicontrol> generates an embed code for the App, and updates
    all existing instances of the App if previously published.</note>
    </section>
    <section id="section_jsk_vmt_bbb">
      <title>Review App History</title>
      <p>App Designer automatically saves your App after you make a change and generates a new
        version for each change. You can use <uicontrol>History</uicontrol> to open a panel listing
        all versions of your App. Listed versions will show each version’s editor and its age.</p>
      <p>To review App history:</p>
      <ol id="ol_w3m_ncz_vcb">
        <li>Click on a version to select it.</li>
        <li>Refresh the preview display.</li>
        <li>Click <uicontrol>Restore Version</uicontrol> to clone the selected version and work from
          it.</li>
        <li>Click the back button in <uicontrol>Version History</uicontrol> to revert to your
          working draft. </li>
        <li>Click <uicontrol>Share</uicontrol> to generate a URL for the preview.</li>
      </ol>
      <note>You can not edit an App while the <uicontrol>Version History</uicontrol> pane is
        open.</note>
      <p>If another editor makes changes while your browser window is open, Livefyre issues a
        warning message when you try to edit the App, asking if you wish to return to your (older)
        draft version. (This prevents multiple simultaneous editors from accidentally ignoring each
        other’s changes.) Click <uicontrol>Update to Latest</uicontrol> to begin working from the
        latest version. Click <uicontrol>Overwrite</uicontrol> to return to your (older) working
        state, increment the version number from the most recent, and continue working.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_rxx_xmt_bbb">
      <title>App Summary Tab</title>
      <p>Use the App Summary tab to manage information for individual Apps. </p>
      <p>The App Summary tab allows you to:</p>
      <ul id="ul_u1r_3ww_xy">
        <li>
          <uicontrol>See on Site:</uicontrol> Opens the App on your site.</li>
        <li>
          <p>
            <uicontrol>Embed code:</uicontrol> Available only for published Apps, provides a clickable
      link to generate the embed code for any published App.</p>
          <note>Use this embed code to add Polls to your Comments or Live Blog App. For more information,
      see Custom Interactions &gt; Custom HTML.</note>
        </li>
        <li>
          <uicontrol>View Content:</uicontrol> Opens the Content page, which lists all content
     published to your App.</li>
        <li>
          <uicontrol>Moderate:</uicontrol> Opens ModQ, listing all content awaiting moderation for the
     App.</li>
        <li>
          <uicontrol>Developer Info:</uicontrol> provides the App’s Collection ID, Article ID, and
     Site ID.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section id="section_w3h_1nt_bbb">
      <title>Embed an App on your Site Using Studio</title>
      <p>Generate the Embed Code.</p>
      <p>When an App is published, Livefyre generates and displays an embed code, which may be used to
    embed the App on any page in your Network. To regenerate the HTML snippet used to embed your App
    on a page:</p>
      <ol id="ol_d3p_bnt_bbb">
        <li>From the App Overview screen, click the <uicontrol>&lt;/&gt; Embed Code</uicontrol>
     button.</li>
        <li>
          <p>From the <uicontrol>Embed Code</uicontrol> panel that opens, copy and paste the HTML code
      snippet displayed into your web page.</p>
          <p>For Apps requiring user authentication, your integration for user auth must be complete and
      located on the page before adding the embed code.</p>
        </li>
      </ol>
    </section>
    <section id="section_zyx_zyx_xcb">
      <title>Delete an App</title>
      <p>You can delete an App from the Apps list in Livefyre Studio. When you delete the App from
        Studio, the App is hidden from view, it does not delete or stop:</p>
      <ul id="ul_tp4_4dh_2db">
        <li>The App from continuing to work on a site.</li>
        <li>Associated streams.</li>
        <li>Associated collections in Livefyre.</li>
      </ul>
      <p>To delete an App:</p>
      <ol id="ol_fzd_cfy_xcb">
        <li>Click <uicontrol>Apps</uicontrol>.</li>
        <li>Click on the ellipsis to the right of the name of the App to delete.</li>
        <li> Click <uicontrol>Delete App</uicontrol> to delete the App.</li>
      </ol>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>