<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd"[]>
<dita>
  <concept id="c_custom_html">
    <title>Custom HTML</title>
    <shortdesc>Allow moderators, owners, and bloggers to add custom HTML attachments to content
      published through Comments or Live Blog.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
      <metadata>
        <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager" />
      </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
      <p>On this page:</p>
      <ul id="ul_kn5_yyz_fcb">
        <li>
          <xref href="#t_embed_custom_html" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#t_embed_polls_in_comments" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#t_view_custom_html_comments_in_studio" format="dita" />
        </li>
      </ul>
      <p>The Custom HTML Embed feature allows moderators, owners and bloggers to add custom HTML
        attachments to the content they publish through Comments or Live Blog. This feature may be
        used to attach any content to your posts, including proprietary video players or polling
        widgets, in addition to the standard images, video players, and other embeds that are
        automatically expanded by Livefyre Apps.</p>
      <p>Work with your Account Manager to enable this feature for your network or site.</p>
      <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
      <ul id="ul_qzp_ccj_h1b">
        <li>
          <xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </conbody>
    <task id="t_embed_custom_html">
      <title>Embed Custom HTML in Comments</title>
      <shortdesc>Follow these steps to embed custom HTML on your site.</shortdesc>
      <taskbody>
        <context id="context_s3f_5lk_mbb">
          <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">t_embed_custom_html.dita</draft-comment>To embed custom HTML:</context>
        <steps id="steps_t3f_5lk_mbb">
          <step>
            <cmd>Click the HTML embed button ( &lt;/&gt; ) on the comment editor box to launch the HTML
              editor box. </cmd>
            <info>This button is visible only to moderators and owners.</info>
          </step>
          <step>
            <cmd>Paste your HTML code into the editor, and click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>. (A
              message will be displayed for any HTML validation errors.)</cmd>
          </step>
          <step>
            <cmd>A preview of the output is displayed below the comment editor.</cmd>
          </step>
          <step>
            <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Post Comment</uicontrol> to display the output in the
              stream.</cmd>
          </step>
        </steps>
      </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="t_embed_polls_in_comments">
      <title>Embed Polls in Comments</title>
      <shortdesc>Embed Polls in your Comment or Live Blog stream.</shortdesc>
      <taskbody>
        <steps id="steps_n2y_vlk_mbb">
          <step>
            <cmd>
              <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">t_embed_polls_in_comments.dita</draft-comment>From Studio’s App Manager page, click
              the <uicontrol>&lt;/&gt;</uicontrol> (embed) button to generate an embed code for the
              Poll. </cmd>
          </step>
          <step>
            <cmd>Copy and paste the embed code into the <uicontrol>Add Custom HTML</uicontrol> field
              for the App.</cmd>
          </step>
        </steps>
      </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="t_view_custom_html_comments_in_studio">
      <title>View Custom HTML Comments in Studio</title>
      <shortdesc>See comments added by custom HTML using this procedure.</shortdesc>
      <taskbody>
        <context id="context_vm3_ylk_mbb">
          <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">t_view_custom_html_comments_in_studio.dita</draft-comment>
          <note>It is not possible to edit comments that contain HTML code or add custom HTML
            attachments using Studio.</note>
        </context>
        <steps id="steps_wm3_ylk_mbb">
          <step>
            <cmd>Studio displays a preview thumbnail for custom HTML displayed with a comment.
            </cmd>
          </step>
          <step>
            <cmd>Click on the thumbnail to display the full attachment.</cmd>
          </step>
        </steps>
      </taskbody>
    </task>
  </concept>
</dita>