<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_date_time_stamp">
 <title>Date Time Stamp</title>
 <shortdesc>Customize Date and Time Stamps using Livefyre.js.</shortdesc>
 <prolog>
  <metadata>
   <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
  </metadata>
 </prolog>
 <conbody>
  <p>Livefyre Apps provide the option parameter, datetimeFormat, to specify the date format as
   described below.</p>
  <ul id="ul_nrk_b4l_wz">
   <li><xref href="#c_date_time_stamp/section_xsk_jn4_xz" format="dita">Terminology</xref></li>
   <li><xref href="#c_date_time_stamp/section_ynx_gn4_xz" format="dita">Formatting</xref></li>
   <li><xref href="#c_date_time_stamp/section_inq_2n4_xz" format="dita">Symbol
    Designation</xref></li>
  </ul>
  <section id="section_xsk_jn4_xz">
   <title>Terminology</title>
   <ul id="ul_ork_b4l_wz">
    <li><b>Absolute Timestamps</b> are defined as exact and specific times (e.g. January 1, 2012
     12:00pm)</li>
    <li><b>Relative Timestamps</b> are defined as general and less precise times (e.g. 25 seconds
     ago, 14 minutes ago, 1 day ago, 1 year ago, etc.)</li>
   </ul>
  </section>
  <section id="section_ynx_gn4_xz">
   <title>Formatting</title>
   <p>The datetimeFormat parameter has the following default behavior when no argument is given:</p>
   <ul id="ul_prk_b4l_wz">
    <li>Datetime format of: MMMM d yyyy (for January 8, 2012)</li>
    <li>20160 Minutes (14 days) until absolute time (14 days until relative timestamps become
     absolute timestamps)</li>
   </ul>
   <p>The datetimeFormat parameter accepts three possible argument types: datetime, format, and
    string.</p>
   <codeblock>
// Example 1 (Datetime format string) 
var convConfig = {
   "collectionMeta":"eyJ0eXAiOiJqd3QiLCJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJ0aXRsZSI6InBvc3QgMiIsInVybCI6Imh0dHA6XC9cL29yYW5nZXNhcmVncmVhdC5jb21cL3VzZWExcDcwXzEyXC8_cD01IiwidGFncyI6IiIsImNoZWNrc3VtIjoiYjBiYzRkMmVmY2UyZWZkYzZkYTE4NmQ2ZGZhNmVkYzAiLCJhcnRpY2xlSWQiOjV9.XZJTJgwpiFZCQ6dv8vvl91sMbFSJndzZPTHhmtOaImo",
   "checksum":"b0bc4d2efce2efdc6da186d6dfa6edc",
   "siteId":"12345",
   "articleId":5,
   "el":"comments1",
   "datetimeFormat": 'MMM d y Ka'
};
var conv = fyre.conv.load(networkConfig, [convConfig]);</codeblock>
   <p>An object specifying absoluteFormat and/or minutesUntilAbsoluteTime. A
    minutesUntilAbsoluteTime with a value of -1 will make the time absolute time immediate.</p>
   <codeblock>// Example 2 (Object) 
var convConfig = {
   "collectionMeta":"eyJ0eXAiOiJqd3QiLCJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJ0aXRsZSI6InBvc3QgMiIsInVybCI6Imh0dHA6XC9cL29yYW5nZXNhcmVncmVhdC5jb21cL3VzZWExcDcwXzEyXC8_cD01IiwidGFncyI6IiIsImNoZWNrc3VtIjoiYjBiYzRkMmVmY2UyZWZkYzZkYTE4NmQ2ZGZhNmVkYzAiLCJhcnRpY2xlSWQiOjV9.XZJTJgwpiFZCQ6dv8vvl91sMbFSJndzZPTHhmtOaImo",
   "checksum":"b0bc4d2efce2efdc6da186d6dfa6edc",
   "siteId":"12345",
   "articleId":5,
   "el":"comments1",
   "datetimeFormat": {
      minutesUntilAbsoluteTime: 10,
      absoluteFormat: 'MMM d y Ka'
   }
}; 
var conv = fyre.conv.load(networkConfig, [convConfig]);</codeblock>
   <p>A function that takes as argument a Date object and returns a datetime string to be
    displayed</p>
   <codeblock>
// Example 3 (Function accepting a Date object, returning a datetime string to display)
var convConfig = {
   "collectionMeta":"eyJ0eXAiOiJqd3QiLCJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJ0aXRsZSI6InBvc3QgMiIsInVybCI6Imh0dHA6XC9cL29yYW5nZXNhcmVncmVhdC5jb21cL3VzZWExcDcwXzEyXC8_cD01IiwidGFncyI6IiIsImNoZWNrc3VtIjoiYjBiYzRkMmVmY2UyZWZkYzZkYTE4NmQ2ZGZhNmVkYzAiLCJhcnRpY2xlSWQiOjV9.XZJTJgwpiFZCQ6dv8vvl91sMbFSJndzZPTHhmtOaImo",
   "checksum":"b0bc4d2efce2efdc6da186d6dfa6edc",
   "siteId":"12345",
   "articleId":5,
   "el":"comments1",
   "datetimeFormat": function(theDateInput) {
      return +theDateInput;
   }
}; 
var conv = fyre.conv.load(networkConfig, [convConfig]);</codeblock>
  </section>
  <section id="section_inq_2n4_xz">
   <title>Symbol Designation</title>
   <p>Datetime formatting functions following the pattern specification as defined in JDK, ICU and
    CLDR, with minor modification for typical usage in JS. For more information, see the <xref
     href="https://developers.google.com/closure/library/docs/overview" format="html"
     scope="external">Google Closure Library Documentation</xref>.</p>
   <codeblock>
  Symbol Meaning Presentation        Example
  ------   -------                 ------------        -------
  G        era designator          (Text)              AD
  y#       year                    (Number)            1996
  Y*       year (week of year)     (Number)            1997
  u*       extended year           (Number)            4601
  M        month in year           (Text &amp; Number)     July &amp; 07
  d        day in month            (Number)            10
  h        hour in am/pm (1~12)    (Number)            12
  H        hour in day (0~23)      (Number)            0
  m        minute in hour          (Number)            30
  s        second in minute        (Number)            55
  S        fractional second       (Number)            978
  E        day of week             (Text)              Tuesday
  e*       day of week (local 1~7) (Number)            2
  D*       day in year             (Number)            189
  F*       day of week in month    (Number)            2 (2nd Wed in July)
  w*       week in year            (Number)            27
  W*       week in month           (Number)            2
  a        am/pm marker            (Text)              PM
  k        hour in day (1~24)      (Number)            24
  K        hour in am/pm (0~11)    (Number)            0
  z        time zone               (Text)              Pacific Standard Time
  Z        time zone (RFC 822)     (Number)            -0800
  v        time zone (generic)     (Text)              Pacific Time
  g*       Julian day              (Number)            2451334
  A*       milliseconds in day     (Number)            69540000
  '        escape for text         (Delimiter)         'Date='
  ''       single quote            (Literal)           'o''clock'</codeblock>
   <p>Items marked with ‘*’ are not yet supported.</p>
   <p>Items marked with ‘#’ work differently than Java.</p>
   <p>The count of pattern letters determine the format.</p>
   <ul id="ul_urk_b4l_wz">
    <li><b>Text:</b> 4 or more, use full form. Fewer than 4, use short or abbreviated form if it
     exists. (For example: “EEEE” produces “Monday”, “EEE” produces “Mon”.)</li>
    <li><b>Number:</b> the minimum number of digits. Shorter numbers are zero-padded to this amount
     (For example: If “m” produces “6”, “mm” produces “06”.). Year is handled specially; that is, if
     the count of ‘y’ is 2, the Year will be truncated to 2 digits. (For example: if “yyyy” produces
     “1997”, “yy” produces “97”.) Unlike other fields, fractional seconds are padded on the right
     with zero.</li>
    <li><b>Text &amp; Number:</b> 3 or over, use text. Fewer than 3, use number. (For example: “M”
     produces “1”, “MM” produces “01”, “MMM” produces “Jan”, and “MMMM” produces “January”.)</li>
   </ul>
   <p>Any characters in the pattern that are not in the ranges of [‘a’..’z’] and [‘A’..’Z’] will be
    treated as quoted text. For instance, characters like ‘:’, ‘.’, ‘ ‘, ‘#’ and ‘@’ will appear in
    the resulting time text even they are not embraced within single quotes.</p>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
