<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_email_rules">
 <title>Email Rules</title>
 <shortdesc>You can create Stream rules that pull content from Email.</shortdesc>
 <prolog>
  <metadata>
   <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
  </metadata>
 </prolog>
 <conbody>
  <p>Creating Email based Streams allows you to post content directly to an App or Folder by
   email.</p>
  <p> Use this feature to allow your contributors to post directly to your Apps or Asset Library
   from their computer or mobile device.</p>
  <p>Once the rule is created, any email containing an image or video file sent to the listed email
   address will be posted directly to your App or Asset Library, as specified. Emails sent with
   multiple attachments will post all files to the appropriate location. Emails sent to the listed
   address containing only text will do nothing.</p>
  <p>Once sent, the email’s fields will be used to populate the following items for the piece of
   content:</p>
  <ul id="ul_vlz_dcm_tz">
   <li><uicontrol>From: </uicontrol>Used as the content’s author, if the user account exists. If no
    account exists for the sender, the author is listed as anonymous.</li>
   <li><uicontrol>Subject: </uicontrol>Used for the content’s title.</li>
   <li><uicontrol>Body: </uicontrol>Used to populate content details within Studio.</li>
   <li><uicontrol>Attachments:</uicontrol> Media files must be attached, or the email will be
    ignored. Supported file types include 3GP, ASF, AVI, DV, GIF, JPG, MOV, MP4, MPEG, MPG, PNG, QT,
    and WMV. The total of all attachments must be below 25MB file size.</li>
  </ul>
  <p>For additional Stream rule options for all Stream rules, see <xref
    href="c_stream_rule_options_for_all_stream_rules.dita#c_stream_rule_options_for_all_stream_rules"
    >Stream Rule Options for All Stream Rules</xref>. </p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
