<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_facebook_page_rules">
 <title>Facebook Page Rules</title>
 <shortdesc>You can create Stream rules that pull content from Facebook Pages. </shortdesc>
 <prolog>
  <metadata>
   <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
  </metadata>
 </prolog>
 <conbody>
  <p>You can use Facebook Page Rules to stream publicly posted content from Facebook Pages. The
   content will be pulled into the App or Folder at the same frequency as SocialSync, which changes
   based on Facebook Page and post traffic patterns. Links within Facebook Pages are also supported,
   and will be displayed in the stream.</p>
  <p>To create Facebook Page Rules to pull content from Facebook pages into your App or Folder, you
   can filter by:</p>
  <ul id="ul_zc5_xbm_tz">
   <li><uicontrol>Facebook Page</uicontrol><ul id="ul_ad5_xbm_tz">
     <li>Enter the <uicontrol>Name</uicontrol> for the Page. Enter only the trailing text for the
      URL. <b>For example: </b>To add content from https://facebook.com/KellysSuperFunFanPage, type
       <i>KellysSuperFunFanPage</i> in the <uicontrol>Name</uicontrol> field.</li>
     <li>Switch <uicontrol>Include Facebook Comments for each post</uicontrol> on if you wish to
      include user comments to Page posts.</li>
     <li>Switch <uicontrol>Only Show Author Posts</uicontrol> on if you wish to exclude posts from
      other users.</li>
    </ul></li>
  </ul>
  <p>For additional Stream rule options for all Stream rules, see <xref
    href="c_stream_rule_options_for_all_stream_rules.dita#c_stream_rule_options_for_all_stream_rules"
    >Stream Rule Options for All Stream Rules</xref>. </p>
  <note>Livefyre is restricted to content received from Facebook, and is therefore unable to
   guarantee that every post on a Facebook Page will be included in your stream.</note>
  <note>If Facebook SocialSync and a Facebook Page Rule are both enabled for a specific Facebook
   Page, and user comments are enabled for the Facebook Page Rule, the Stream Rule will override
   SocialSync. Content will be streamed into the App based on the Facebook Page Curate Rule only,
   and not using SocialSync.</note>
  <p>The types of content supported by Facebook Page Curate include:</p>
  <ul id="ul_j5v_25q_tz">
   <li>
    <p>Page Owner or Admin</p>
    <ul id="ul_cd5_xbm_tz">
     <li>Status</li>
     <li>Photos</li>
     <li>Videos as links</li>
    </ul>
   </li>
   <li>
    <p>Standard Facebook User</p>
    <ul id="ul_dd5_xbm_tz">
     <li>Status</li>
     <li>Photos</li>
     <li>Videos as links</li>
    </ul>
   </li>
   <li>
    <p>Third Parties</p>
    <ul id="ul_ed5_xbm_tz">
     <li>Status</li>
    </ul>
   </li>
  </ul>
 </conbody>
</concept>
