<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_facebook_rules">
 <title>Facebook Rules</title>
 <shortdesc>You can create Stream rules that pull public content from Facebook. </shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
 <conbody>
    <p>You can use Facebook Rules to stream publicly posted content from Facebook. </p>
  <p>You can create Facebook Rules based on hashtags, keywords, or author. </p>
  <note>All Facebook rules require at least one Keyword, Hashtag, or Author filter. Adding a Keyword
      and a Hashtag for your rule will return content which includes both entries.</note>
  <p>To create Facebook Rules to pull public content from Facebook feeds into your App or Folder,
      you can filter by:</p>
  <ul id="ul_egj_5bm_tz">
   <li><uicontrol>Contains</uicontrol><ul id="ul_fgj_5bm_tz">
     <li>Enter <uicontrol>Keywords</uicontrol> and/or <uicontrol>Hashtags </uicontrol>to be included
      in, or excluded from your Facebook stream. Specifying values for both the
       <uicontrol>Any</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Does not contain</uicontrol> fields will return
      posts which contain the first, and do not contain the second.</li>
     <li><uicontrol>For example:</uicontrol> Entering <uicontrol>Contains</uicontrol> keywords
      Giants, Posey, and <uicontrol>Does not contain</uicontrol> keyword Dodger, will return all
      posts which include the word Giants or Posey, and do not include the word Dodger.</li>
    </ul></li>
   <li><uicontrol>Author</uicontrol><ul id="ul_ggj_5bm_tz">
     <li>Enter <uicontrol>Authors</uicontrol> to pull into the stream, or exclude from the
       stream.<note>You may either include or exclude authors; you cannot combine these two fields
       into a single Facebook Rule.</note></li>
    </ul></li>
   <li><uicontrol>Additional Filters</uicontrol><ul id="ul_hgj_5bm_tz">
     <li>Select whether you would like to include <uicontrol>All Content</uicontrol>,
       <uicontrol>Videos Only</uicontrol>, or <uicontrol>Photos Only</uicontrol> in your
      stream.</li>
    </ul></li>
  </ul>
    <p>For additional Stream rule options for all Stream rules, see <xref
        href="c_stream_rule_options_for_all_stream_rules.dita#c_stream_rule_options_for_all_stream_rules"
        >Stream Rule Options for All Stream Rules</xref>. </p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
