<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_feature_apis">
 <title>Feature APIs</title>
 <shortdesc>Automate the process using the Feature APIs</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>Use the Feature APIs to automate the process by which content is Featured. For example, when
   creating a Live Blog or Comment App, Feature all content posted by a selected moderator to steer
   the conversation, and establish consistency within the stream.</p>
  <p>Livefyre offers both Feature and Unfeature APIs.</p>
  <section id="section_jpw_nqw_xz">
   <title>Feature</title>
   <p><b>Resource</b></p>
   <codeblock>POST: https://{networkName}.quill.fyre.co/api/v3.0/collection/&lt;collectionId>/feature/&lt;commentId>/?lftoken=&lt;base64userToken></codeblock>
   <p>​Enter the user token for your selected moderator.</p>
   <p><b>Post Data</b></p>
   <codeblock>{value: &lt;number>}
</codeblock>
   <p>The value will be used to sort featured content, largest to smallest (10 will appear before 1
    in the featured content list). This value defaults to <b>now</b> in epoch time, so featured
    comments will typically be sorted newest to oldest.</p>
   <p><b>Example Response</b></p>
   <codeblock>
{"status": "ok", "code": 200, "data": null}
</codeblock>
   <note>The data field is not yet in use.</note>
  </section>
  <section id="section_knh_mqw_xz">
   <title>Unfeature</title>
   <p><b>Resource</b></p>
   <codeblock>
POST: https://{networkName}.quill.fyre.co/api/v3.0/collection/&lt;collectionId>/unfeature/&lt;commentId>/?lftoken=&lt;base64userToken></codeblock>
   <p>Enter the user token for your selected moderator.</p>
   <p><b>Example Response</b></p>
   <codeblock>{"status": "ok", "code": 200, "data": null}
</codeblock>
   <note>The data field is not yet in use.</note>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
