<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_featured_content">
 <title>Featured Content</title>
 <shortdesc>Highlight important content to your users by using CSS to custom style Featured
  content.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>Any piece of content in a Collection can be tagged as “featured” by your network site owners or
   moderators, in order to highlight important content and encourage high quality replies from other
   users. Once a piece of content has been featured, a <uicontrol>Featured</uicontrol> tag will be
   displayed on the content in the app, so that users can easily identify content that owners and
   moderators have highlighted.</p>
  <!--<p>For more information, see How to Feature Content in Studio.</p>-->
  <p>In Comments:</p>
  <ul id="ul_kpd_44b_vy">
   <li>The two most recent pieces of <uicontrol>Featured</uicontrol> content will also be pulled
    above the stream.</li>
   <li>It may take up to seven minutes for Featured content to appear above the editor.</li>
   <li>A <uicontrol>Featured</uicontrol> tag may be added to any comment within the stream, and used
    to style the comment, but only Livefyre-native user generated content will appear above the
    editor.</li>
  </ul>
  <p>When content is unfeatured, the <uicontrol>Featured</uicontrol> tag displayed will be removed
   in real-time.</p>
  <p>Once a piece of content has been featured, a <uicontrol>Featured</uicontrol> badge will be
   displayed on the content in the app, and you may use the fyre-featured CSS class to custom style
   the content.</p>
  <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
  <ul id="ul_srp_d4h_h1b">
   <li><xref href="c_carousel_app.dita#c_carousel_app">Carousel</xref></li>
   <li><xref href="c_chat_app.dita#c_chat_app">Chat</xref></li>
   <li><xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref></li>
   <li><xref href="c_feature_card_app.dita#c_feature_card_app">Feature Card</xref></li>
   <li><xref href="c_map_app.dita#c_map_app">Map</xref></li>
   <li><xref href="c_media_wall_app.dita#c_media_wall_app">Media Wall</xref></li>
   <li><xref href="c_mosaic_app.dita#c_mosaic_app">Mosaic</xref></li>
   <li><xref href="c_reviews_app.dita#c_reviews_app">Reviews</xref></li>
   <li><xref href="c_storify2.dita#c_storify2">Storify 2</xref></li>
  </ul>
 </conbody>
</concept>
