<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept id="concept_jpc_n2j_jbb">
  <title>Filmstrip</title>
  <shortdesc>Filmstrip is a visualization App that showcases user-generated content into a dynamic
  single, horizontal strip of photos, similar to a strip of film from a camera.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager" />
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <section>
      <p>On this page:</p>
      <ul id="ul_tbf_txd_kcb">
        <li>
          <xref href="#concept_jpc_n2j_jbb/section_tng_slj_yy" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#concept_jpc_n2j_jbb/section_b5h_qlj_yy" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#concept_jpc_n2j_jbb/section_w5c_plj_yy" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#concept_jpc_n2j_jbb/section_cvz_nlj_yy" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#concept_jpc_n2j_jbb/section_zzz_mlj_yy" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#concept_jpc_n2j_jbb/section_f4w_klj_yy" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#concept_jpc_n2j_jbb/section_h31_klj_yy" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#concept_jpc_n2j_jbb/section_upr_hlj_yy" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#concept_jpc_n2j_jbb/section_ttt_xps_mbb" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#concept_jpc_n2j_jbb/section_dwb_glj_yy" format="dita" />
        </li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section id="section_tng_slj_yy">
      <title>About Filmstrip</title>
      <p>You can use Filmstrip with UGC in e-commerce scenarios, such as product pages or
        transactional websites. End users can navigate Filmstrip by clicking the side arrows to
        scroll through the available content from left to right. New content displays on the left as
        it comes into the App. You can choose whether newly streamed UGC will have a label on it
        that says, <i>New</i> to help site visitors quickly identify new content.</p>
      <p>You can choose whether site visitors can view a call-to-action button on a card and hover
        over the button to see a preview of products for sale. You can choose to associate products
        from your product catalog with content in the Filmstrip. Mobile and non-mobile site visitors
        can click on a card to view a larger image, share content, play video, or view associated
        products and a call-to-action button to purchase the
        items<!--verify behavior during hover; can you purchase from it? do you have to click? if you click will it always open up modal?-->.</p>
      <!--<p>For more information on how to strategically use UGC with Filmstrip, see <xref href="https://blogs.adobe.com/digitalmarketing/digital-marketing/four-powerful-ways-use-ugc-influence-shoppers-accelerate-conversion/" format="html"> Four Powerful Ways to Use UGC to Influence</xref></p>-->
    </section>
    <section id="section_b5h_qlj_yy">
      <title>What kind of content can I publish in a Filmstrip?</title>
      <p> Supported content:</p>
      <ul id="ul_wqf_wng_sy">
        <li>Photos</li>
        <li>Videos</li>
      </ul>
      <p>Supported content sources:</p>
      <ul id="ul_xqf_wng_sy">
        <li>Twitter</li>
        <li>Instagram</li>
        <li>Facebook</li>
        <li>YouTube</li>
        <li>RSS</li>
        <li>Tumblr</li>
        <li>Livefyre</li>
      </ul>
      <p>You cannot publish content containing text only to a Filmstrip. You can publish text only
        if it is part of a photo or video post.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_w5c_plj_yy">
      <title>How does a site visitor see content in a Filmstrip?</title>
      <p>A site visitor sees content populated into a Filmstrip from Studio from a Studio Stream,
        Library, or Social Search. If new content is published to the App while a site visitor is on
        the page, the new content displays on the left and pushes the old content to the right in
        real time without a site visitor having to refresh their page. If you choose to notify the
        site visitor of new content, then the site visitor sees a notification that says "new" and
        an arrow pointing towards the left to indicate that they need to scroll left to see new
        content.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_cvz_nlj_yy">
      <title>What happens when a site visitor clicks on an item in a Filmstrip?</title>
      <p>On a computer or a mobile device, click on a card to share content, view a larger image,
        watch a video, see multiple media items, or view associated products tagged in the UGC.</p>
      <p>On a computer, hover over the call-to-action button to see products associated with the
        content. </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_zzz_mlj_yy">
      <title>Can a site visitor share content from a Filmstrip?</title>
      <p>Yes. A site visitor can share all content types on a Filmstrip. On a computer or mobile
        device, click on a card to open it and click the share icon.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_f4w_klj_yy">
      <title>How does new content get added to a Filmstrip?</title>
      <p>Add content to a Filmstrip by:</p>
      <ul id="ul_arf_wng_sy">
        <li>Publishing manually from the Library, App Content, or ModQ.</li>
        <li>Setting up a stream to publish automatically.</li>
      </ul>
      <p>New content automatically streams into the Filmstrip App on the left and pushes the old
        content to the right in real time without a site visitor having to refresh their page. If
        you choose to notify the site visitor of new content, then the site visitor sees a
        notification that says "new" and an arrow pointing towards the left to indicate that if they
        want to see new content they need to scroll left to see new content.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_h31_klj_yy">
      <title>How does text-only content show in the app?</title>
      <p>Filmstrip does not display text-only content. Filmstrip displays only images and
        videos.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_upr_hlj_yy">
      <title>Why does some of my content not show up on my site even though the content displays in
        Studio?</title>
      <p>Filmstrip displays content in a horizontal strip of five by default. The number of tiles
        depends on the size of the container in which the App displays and the tile size you choose
        in the App Designer. Livefyre recommends you add at least five to ten pieces of content in
        your Filmstrip App to provide an adequate number of tiles with content and allow users to
        scroll through to find more. </p>
      <p>Sometimes content doesn't display because you turned on <uicontrol>Require
          rights</uicontrol>. If you turn this on, you are required to have rights granted for all
        content in the App. If the rights status is not "granted" for a piece of content, it will
        not display in the App.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_ttt_xps_mbb">
      <title>How does a site visitor know when a new product is added?</title>
      <p>You can choose to add notifications of new content as it is added by switching
          <uicontrol>Show Notifications</uicontrol> to <uicontrol>On</uicontrol>. </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_dwb_glj_yy">
      <title>Create Filmstrip Using Studio</title>You create all Apps
      in Livefyre Studio the same way. See Creating Apps <!--need link hrk 10/10/17-->for details on
      how to create a Filmstrip App in Studio using the standard process.</section>
  </conbody>
</concept>