<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_hot_threads">
 <title>Hot Threads</title>
 <shortdesc>Displays the 25 most popular threads within the Collection, ordered by
  popularity.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>The Hot Threads view displays the 25 most popular threads within the Collection, ordered by
   popularity. This includes all content in the Collection, including manual posts, content from
   SocialSync and content from Curate.</p>
  <note>Hot Threads is available on Comments, but not Live Blog or Chat.</note>
  <p>For more information on enabling the Hot Threads view, please see Studio > Network
   Settings.</p>
  <section id="section_xhh_2dl_wy">
   <title>Previews</title>
   <p>Clicking <uicontrol>Hot Threads</uicontrol> at the top of the stream replaces the contents of
    the Collection with previews of up to 25 threads with the highest “popularity scores” from the
    Collection. A popularity score is calculated for each thread using Livefyre’s proprietary and
    evolving algorithm. The preview displays a top level comment, and up to 5 of the most popular
    replies, as well as the direct parent of each of these top 5 replies.</p>
   <p>If there are no threads in the stream with a popularity score, no comments will be displayed,
    and users will see the message <uicontrol>There are not enough threads yet</uicontrol> and a
    link to <uicontrol>See what’s new</uicontrol>.</p>
   <p>The Hot Threads list is not real-time, and will update only when the page is refreshed or
    another view (<uicontrol>Newest</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Oldest</uicontrol>) is selected. (If a
    comment is moderated and Bozo’d or trashed, it will be removed from the list immediately.)</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_zmf_ddl_wy">
   <title>Breakout View</title>
   <p>From the preview, click <uicontrol>Show entire Thread</uicontrol> to replace the Hot Threads
    view with a breakout view of the thread in context, including every reply within that thread.
    (No other threads are displayed in the breakout view.) Click <uicontrol>Hot Threads</uicontrol>
    to return to the Hot Threads view.</p>
   <p>Moderators can view all pending content in the breakout view and inline moderation is
    available. Likes, replies, edits and moderation actions will continue to stream in real-time in
    the breakout view.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_bmv_bdl_wy">
   <title>Posting from the Hot Threads View</title>
   <p>Posting a comment from the top comment box in the Hot Threads view will switch users back to
    the Newest view.</p>
   <p>Replies or Likes posted in the Hot Threads view will appear in the stream without changing
    views. Sorting options and the comment notifier are not available in the Hot Threads view.</p>
   <p>To optimize for performance, Livefyre caches data for up to 2 minutes. There may be a slight
    lag in the most recent Hot Threads that appear.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_blk_ccj_h1b">
   <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
   <ul id="ul_qzp_ccj_h1b">
    <li><xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref></li>
   </ul>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
