<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_hovercards">
 <title>Hovercards</title>
 <shortdesc>Enable or disable user hovercards across your site.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>The Livefyre Hovercard is a popup that displays a quick snapshot of user information, including
   display name, bio, social networks, user likes, profile page URL and a link to view their full
   profile. Hovercards are available for all Livefyre streams, including Comments, Live Blog, and
   Chat.</p>
  <note>Hovercards may be switched on or off at the network level only, and are implemented or
   disabled across all sites under your custom network. Please contact your Account Manager if you
   would like hovercards switched on for your network.</note>
  <section id="section_zjl_jtk_wy">
   <title>Viewing Hovercards</title>
   <p>When you hover over a user’s avatar on Comments, Live Blog or Chat, their Hovercard will
    appear.</p>
   <p>Clicking <uicontrol>View Full Profile</uicontrol> will take the user to the full profile page
    for that user.</p>
   <note>Hovercards display information included with your User Profile system. Any fields not
    included in that system will not be displayed in the hovercards. If you do not have public
    profile pages, no page will be displayed. If you wish to disable Hovercards for your custom
    network, please contact your Technical Account Manager.</note>
  </section>
  <section id="section_blk_ccj_h1b">
   <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
   <ul id="ul_qzp_ccj_h1b">
    <li><xref href="c_chat_app.dita#c_chat_app">Chat</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_reviews_app.dita#c_reviews_app">Reviews</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_sidenotes_app.dita#c_sidenotes_app">Sidenotes</xref></li>
   </ul>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
