<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_how_requesting_rights_works">
 <title>Product: Requesting Rights</title>
 <shortdesc>Learn how rights requests work. When you bring user-generated content (UGC) into a
    Livefyre App, the content includes tacit permission for reuse. You must have the author's
    permissing to use content from Twitter or Instagram.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>The following rights statuses are available from Library Assets, App Content, ModQ, and AEM
      Commerce:</p>
  <ul id="ul_ukh_515_p1b">
   <li><uicontrol>Granted</uicontrol>. When the author grants you the right to reuse their content,
    the status of the asset changes to <uicontrol>Granted</uicontrol>.</li>
   <li>
    <p><uicontrol>Expired</uicontrol>. Livefyre monitors the Instagram and Twitter stream for the
     author’s reply for 14 days. After 14 days, the request expires, the rights request status
     changes to<uicontrol> Expired</uicontrol>, and you can send a second request or remove the item
     from your Library.</p>
   </li>
   <li>
    <p><uicontrol>Requested</uicontrol>. Request permission for content from the Library. You can do
     this for one or more assets at a time. After you request permission, Livefyre sets the asset
     status to <uicontrol>Requested</uicontrol>.</p>
   </li>
   <li><uicontrol>Needs Review</uicontrol>. If the author replies with a note that does not include
        your #approvalHashtag, the status of the asset changes to <uicontrol>Needs
          Review</uicontrol>.</li>
   <li><uicontrol>Request Failed</uicontrol>. Request failed to be sent (due to expired token,
        etc.). </li>
   <li><uicontrol>Request Pending</uicontrol>. Queues the Rights Request so that not too many are
        sent at one time.
        <!--How many and what intervals?ADD INFO FROM NISH: So, lets say Twitter allows 500 requests per minute per account
When a user makes bulk RR, we check for the current rate limit of the user account against the social provider and either make a right request or queue it
so if user RR for 100 UGC, but he only has 50 more requests left. 50 will be RR while other will be sent to queue.
Then a job runs every 5 mins, to check for queued RR and see if the rate limit is reset and cont
" Tweets: 2,400 per day. The daily update limit is further broken down into smaller limits for semi-hourly intervals. Retweets are counted as Tweets."
You can find same information for other social providers--></li>
  </ul>
 </conbody>
</concept>
