<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_importing_ratings_and_reviews">
 <title>Importing Ratings and Reviews</title>
 <shortdesc>Importing ratings and reviews data to Livefyre.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
 <conbody>
    <p>On this page:</p>
    <ul id="ul_tyw_g3n_3cb">
      <li>
        <xref href="#c_importing_ratings_and_reviews/section_o1d_52n_b1b" format="dita"/>
      </li>
      <li>
        <xref href="#c_importing_ratings_and_reviews/section_nxl_vcn_b1b" format="dita"/>
      </li>
      <li>
        <xref href="#c_importing_ratings_and_reviews/section_vnz_3cn_b1b" format="dita"/>
      </li>
    </ul>
    <p>Importing your legacy ratings and reviews data allows you to maintain historic data in your
      Livefyre Ratings and Reviews Apps.</p>
    <section id="section_o1d_52n_b1b">
      <title>Ratings and Reviews Data Formatting</title>
      <p>For Rating and Reviews specific imports, exclude endlines from the JSON record, and make
        sure that each Rating or Review appears on a single line.</p>
      <p>The Reviews <xref href="http://json-schema.org/" format="html" scope="external">JSON
          schema</xref> is described in this Livefyre <xref
          href="https://github.com/Livefyre/import-tools/blob/master/lfvalidator/jsonschema/reviews_schema.json"
          format="html" scope="external">GitHub gist</xref>. Validators can be found in the language
        of your choice from the json-schema.org > <xref
          href="http://json-schema.org/implementations.html" format="html" scope="external"
          >Implementations</xref> page.</p>
      <p>To import only Ratings and Reviews, and not the associated user profiles, follow the
        example JSON format below, and specify fields that begin with imported_. In this case, only
        imported_display_name is required. When using these fields, omit the author_id.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_nxl_vcn_b1b">
      <title>Available Ratings and Reviews Parameters</title>
      <p>The following parameters are used in the Ratings and Reviews import process.</p>
      <p>
        <b>Required fields</b></p>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>source:</dt>
          <dd><b>(required) string </b>The site on which the Review originated.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>title:</dt>
          <dd><b>(required) string </b>The title for the Collection to which the Review was
            posted.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>created:</dt>
          <dd><b>(required) timestamp </b>The ISO-8601 compliant timestamp for the moment the
            Collection in which the Review was posted was created. For example:
            “2010-07-05T23:01:15Z”</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>id (source):</dt>
          <dd><b>(required) string </b>The article ID you chose to uniquely identify a Collection
            within your site, encoded using Base64. This parameter is limited to 150
            characters.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>dimensions:</dt>
          <dd><b>(required) array</b> An array of strings for each type of dimension that this
            Collection will use. If this is not specified, only 1 dimension will be allowed.For
            example, to allow users to rate your product on ‘design’, ‘features’, and ‘performance’,
            set the array to: dimensions: [‘design’, ‘features’, ‘performance’]</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>id (reviews):</dt>
          <dd><b>(required) string </b>Your system’s internal content identifier, used by the
            importer to relate children using their parent_id.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>imported_display_name:</dt>
          <dd><b>(required) string </b>The display name of the user. This will be rendered with
            Livefyre content posted by the user.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>title:</dt>
          <dd><b>(required) string </b>User’s review title.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>body_html:</dt>
          <dd><b>(required) string </b>The text string for the Review. Only tags &lt;p> and &lt;a>,
            and only the href attribute, are allowed.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>created:</dt>
          <dd><b>(required) timestamp </b>The ISO-8601 compliant timestamp for the Comment’s
            creation. For example: “2010-07-05T23:01:15Z”</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>ratings:</dt>
          <dd><b>(required) array </b>An array of integers (from 1-100) which represent the author’s
            rating for each of your defined dimensions. The number of items in the array must equal
            the number of defined dimensions.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
      <p><b>Optional fields</b></p>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>author_id:</dt>
          <dd><b>(optional) string </b>The userId of the user in your profile system. This must be
            unique across all users in your Network, and must never change. Max length = 255
            characters.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>imported_email:</dt>
          <dd><b>(optional) string </b>Used for gravatars, and not displayed publicly.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>imported_url:</dt>
          <dd><b>(optional) string </b>A user provided website.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </section>
    <section id="section_vnz_3cn_b1b">
      <title>Example Ratings and Reviews Format</title>
      <note>The following sample data is for a Reviews Collection with multiple rating dimensions.
        If your Collection has only one dimension (such as overall/default), the dimensions field
        must be [‘default’], and the ratings fields in the reviews should only have one
        score.</note>
      <p>Single-dimension review with required fields:</p>
      <codeblock>{
   "source": "http://www.somepartner.com/homepage/check-out-this-sneezing-panda.html",
   "title": "Check out this sneezing panda!",
   "created": "2010-07-05T23:07:15",
   "id": "3042469",
   "dimensions": ['firmness', 'comfort', 'style'],
 
   "reviews": [
      {
         "id": "99770519",
         "imported_display_name": "chris",
         "title": "User's review title",
         "body_html": "&lt;p>OMG I love this product!&lt;/p>",
         "created": "2010-07-05T23:01:15",
         "ratings": [70]
      },
   ],
}</codeblock>
      <p>Multi-dimension review with required fields:</p>
      <codeblock>
{
   "id": "99770519",
   "imported_display_name": "chris",
   "title": "User's review title",
   "body_html": "&lt;p>OMG I love this product!&lt;/p>",
   "created": "2010-07-05T23:01:15",
   "ratings": [80, 100, 70]
},</codeblock>
      <p>Multi-dimension review with additional fields</p>
      <codeblock>{
   "id": "99770520",
   "imported_display_name": "chris",
   "title": "User's review title",
   "body_html": "&lt;p>The product was just OK&lt;/p>",
   "created": "2010-07-05T23:01:15",
   "ratings": [20, 30, 40]
   "author_id": "999999",
   "imported_email": "chris@livefyre.com",
   "imported_url": "http://livefyre.com"
},</codeblock>
      <p>Reviews with multiple subparts</p>
      <codeblock>{
   "id": "99770519",
   "imported_display_name": "chris",
   "title": "User's review title",
   "body_html": "&lt;p>OMG I love this product!&lt;/p>",
   "subparts": {"Pros":"Amazing tech breakthrough","Cons":"Short battery life"},
   "created": "2010-07-05T23:01:15",
   "ratings": [80, 100, 70]
},</codeblock>
      <note>Review subparts are used to define one or more customizable fields that you want to
        include in your reviews in addition to title and body.</note>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>
