<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd"[]>
<dita>
  <concept id="c_importing_existing_data">
    <title>Import User Profiles, Content, Ratings, and Reviews</title>
    <shortdesc>Import your users and comments from an old system into Livefyre.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
      <metadata>
        <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager" />
      </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
      <p>On this page:</p>
      <ul id="ul_onh_nhn_3cb">
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_importing_existing_data/section_gsm_ml1_c1b" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_importing_existing_data/section_q1h_ll1_c1b" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_importing_existing_data/section_krb_rk1_c1b" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_importing_existing_data/section_hnr_nk1_c1b" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_importing_existing_data/section_it3_mk1_c1b" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_importing_existing_data/section_nf1_tj1_c1b" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_importing_user_profiles" format="dita" />
          <ul id="ul_m21_c3n_3cb">
            <li>
              <xref href="#c_importing_user_profiles/section_hbh_4h1_c1b" format="dita" />
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="#c_importing_user_profiles/section_j3d_3h1_c1b" format="dita" />
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="#c_importing_user_profiles/section_stb_2n5_b1b" format="dita" />
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_importing_content" format="dita" />
          <ul id="ul_obg_23n_3cb">
            <li>
              <xref href="#c_importing_content/section_vhm_vtt_b1b" format="dita" />
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="#c_importing_content/section_p4c_qtt_b1b" format="dita" />
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="#c_importing_content/section_ufj_jkn_b1b" format="dita" />
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_importing_ratings_and_reviews" format="dita" />
          <ul id="ul_tyw_g3n_3cb">
            <li>
              <xref href="#c_importing_ratings_and_reviews/section_o1d_52n_b1b" format="dita" />
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="#c_importing_ratings_and_reviews/section_nxl_vcn_b1b" format="dita" />
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="#c_importing_ratings_and_reviews/section_vnz_3cn_b1b" format="dita" />
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
      </ul>
      <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">c_importing_existing_data.dita</draft-comment>
      <p>Livefyre enables customers to import legacy comment and user profile data, allowing you to
        maintain user history in your new Livefyre App.</p>
      <p>You will be asked to provide Livefyre with one file per site per import type (legacy and
        recent). For example, if you have three sites with both legacy and recent content, you will
        be asked to provide six files. After launch, we require one delta file per site, to bridge
        the gap between legacy and current content.</p>
      <p>Please name and structure your files meaningfully. For example:</p>
      <codeblock>{network}_site-{siteid}_{date in mm-dd-yyyy}_{recent | legacy | delta}.json
</codeblock>
      <section id="section_gsm_ml1_c1b">
        <title>Import Types</title>
        <p>When importing, content must be split into two types:</p>
        <p>
          <b>Recent Comments (or Interactive Comments): </b>include the most recent content posted
          prior to your launch date. (The exact time period for “Recent Comments” will be specified
          in your Livefyre contract.) Imported comments will look and behave as if posted after
          integration. Recent content is active and interactive.</p>
        <p>
          <b>Legacy Comments (or Archived Comments): </b>include content posted previous to the
          specified cut-off point for your Recent Comments import. These comments will display in
          the stream, and may be styled to indicate that they are “archived” comments, but they will
          not be available in Studio, and will not support user interaction. Legacy content is
          archival, and not interactive.</p>
        <note>Livefyre Comments and Chat imports are similarly structured. This document will refer
          to Comments or Content, but the process described applies to Chat as well.</note>
        <p>Use the archiveHeaderTitle key to customize the text displayed for the <uicontrol>From
            the Archive</uicontrol> header.</p>
      </section>
      <section id="section_q1h_ll1_c1b">
        <title>Import Process and Schedule</title>
        <p>Work with your Strategic Account Manager to schedule and orchestrate the import process.
          Before your import begins, Livefyre will share a Box.com account with you, to which your
          data files (as .zip files) should be uploaded.</p>
        <p>The import process spans three milestones:</p>
        <ul id="ul_rzs_gl1_c1b">
          <li>Sample Import Hand Off</li>
          <li>Production Import Hand Off</li>
          <li>Delta Import Hand Off</li>
        </ul>
      </section>
      <section id="section_krb_rk1_c1b">
        <title>Stage I: Sample Import Hand Off</title>
        <ol id="ol_wx1_wbl_wz">
          <li>Export your data from your previous provider.</li>
          <li>Prepare a sample for each site of Comment and User Profile data using the
            Format/Validation Standards described below (2MB or up to 500 records).</li>
          <li>Test the sample files using Livefyre’s validator tool. This can be provided by your
            TIM or Support representative. This tool validates Comments (and Chat) files only. User
            files will be validated by Livefyre.</li>
          <li>Correct any errors raised by the validator, and re-test your sample.</li>
          <li>Once the validator passes your files without errors, provide the sample export of
            Comments and associated User Data to Livefyre by uploading the files to the Box.com
            account shared by your SAM.</li>
          <li>
            <p>Livefyre will then perform an import of the sample data in the UAT/integration
              environment.</p>
            <p>
              <b>Please allow 3 days from Handoff date for the import process to complete.</b>
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>Upon completion of the sample import, QA the imported data in your integration
            environment.</li>
          <li>Work with Livefyre to resolve any issues found during the sample data import.</li>
        </ol>
      </section>
      <section id="section_hnr_nk1_c1b">
        <title>Stage ll: Production Import Hand Off (performed before launch)</title>
        <ol id="ol_xx1_wbl_wz">
          <li>Prepare a full export of Comment and User Data for all data previous to your launch
            date minus 5 days.</li>
          <li>Provide Livefyre with these final data files 3-5 days before your launch date.</li>
          <li>
            <p>Livefyre will then perform an import of the final data in the Production
              environment.</p>
            <p>Allow 3-5 days from Handoff date for the import process to complete.</p>
          </li>
        </ol>
      </section>
      <section id="section_it3_mk1_c1b">
        <title>Stage lll: Delta Import Hand Off (if required)</title>
        <p>If there is data generated during the Production import, and before your launch date, a
          Delta import is required.</p>
        <ol id="ol_yx1_wbl_wz">
          <li>
            <p>Provide a delta export of data for the 5 days between initial import and launch
              date.</p>
            <note>Include all comments for a given Collection (not just the new comments since the
              production import) to guarantee a complete data set. Duplicates will be skipped by our
              importer.</note>
          </li>
          <li>Livefyre performs an import of the Delta in the Production environment. Allow 3 days
            from Handoff date for the import process to complete.</li>
        </ol>
      </section>
      <section id="section_nf1_tj1_c1b">
        <title>Import Deltas</title>
        <p>Depending on the size of the import, and the duration of the data load, it may become
          necessary to provide an import delta. If importing Recent Comments, it is only necessary
          to provide data created after the initial import, and during the data load. If importing
          Legacy Comments, full conversations must be provided.</p>
        <p>When providing the delta import, include all comments for a given Collection (not just
          the new comments since the production import). This will guarantee a complete data set.
          Duplicates will be skipped by our importer.</p>
        <p>When supplying a delta, any comments that refer to a parent comment with parent_id must
          include the parent comment in the data file as well.</p>
      </section>
    </conbody>
  </concept>
  <concept id="c_importing_user_profiles">
    <title>Importing User Profiles</title>
    <shortdesc>Import your existing user profiles to Livefyre.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
      <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">c_importing_user_profiles.dita</draft-comment>
      <p>To associate users with their existing content in Livefyre, you must import user data from
        your user management system before importing any legacy content. Only user accounts with
        associated content need be imported. Any user accounts not imported before launch will be
        automatically imported from your User Profile system into the Livefyre system upon first
        login.</p>
      <p>Importing user profile data follows the standards described for importing Comments, with a
        few exceptions. For more information on Import Format and the Import Process, see Importing
        Content.</p>
      <section id="section_hbh_4h1_c1b">
        <title>User Data Formatting</title>
        <p>To begin the import process, you must prepare your import data. Livefyre’s import system
          expects a specific file format of line-delimited JSON Blobs, with each file representing a
          site on your network, and each line within the file representing an individual Collection
          on that site.</p>
        <p>Similar to Content import, User Profile files adhere to these rules:</p>
        <ul id="ul_ksp_ccl_wz">
          <li>Profile Blobs must appear on a single line and may not include any literal endlines
            other than a single one at the end of each Blob.</li>
          <li>The top level id field must be unique to the user.</li>
          <li>The file must be UTF-8 formatted, all URLs must be fully qualified, user timestamps
            must be ISO-8601 compliant.</li>
        </ul>
        <note>The files themselves are not valid JSON, but each line must be in JSON format.</note>
        <p>The User Profile <xref href="https://json-schema.org/" format="html" scope="external">JSON schema</xref> is described in this Livefyre <xref href="https://github.com/Livefyre/import-tools/blob/master/lfvalidator/jsonschema/user_schema.json" format="html" scope="external">GitHub gist</xref>. Validators can be found in the
          language of your choice from the json-schema.org &gt; <xref href="https://json-schema.org/implementations.html" format="html" scope="external">Implementations</xref> page.</p>
        <p>If you choose to import users from your existing user profile system, required fields
          include:</p>
        <ul id="ul_lsp_ccl_wz">
          <li>
            <b>id: </b>your system’s user ID. It must match [a-zA-Z0-9-_])</li>
          <li>
            <b>display_name</b>:user’s display name or pseudonym which will be displayed on your
            public-facing site.</li>
          <li>
            <b>email</b>: required for Livefyre’s email notifications, this address is not visible
            on your public-facing site.</li>
        </ul>
        <p>Use Livefyre’s Ping for Pull to update user fields after import. Ping Livefyre when one
          of your users updates their profile, then Livefyre will Pull down the requested user’s
          updated profile.</p>
        <note>Provide user avatars only through Ping for Pull. You cannot import user
          avatars.</note>
      </section>
      <section id="section_j3d_3h1_c1b">
        <title>Available User Parameters</title>
        <p>The following parameters are used in the User Profile import process.</p>
        <p>
          <b>Required fields</b>
        </p>
        <dl>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>id:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(required) string </b>The user ID of the user in your profile system. This must
              be unique across all users in your Network, and must never change.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>display_name:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(required) string </b>The display name of the user. This will be rendered with
              Livefyre Content posted by the user.</dd>
          </dlentry>
        </dl>
        <p>
          <b>Optional fields</b>
        </p>
        <dl>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>name:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(optional) object </b>Strings to define the user’s formatted, first, middle, and
              last names.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>email:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(optional) string </b>User’s email address. Used to send email
              notifications.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>tags:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(optional) array </b>Used to assign users to user groups. Tags may include 1-63
              alphanumeric and underscore characters.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>profile_url:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(optional) string </b>URL to the user’s profile page on your site.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>settings_url:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(optional) string </b>URL to a page where users may configure the user’s profile
              settings for your site.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>websites:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(optional) array </b>An array of user-submitted sites. Max = 2.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>location:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(optional) string </b>A user-submitted location.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>bio:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(optional) string </b>A user-submitted autobiography.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>autofollow_conversations:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(optional) Boolean </b>Defines whether a user wishes to automatically follow a
              Collection after posting to it. When following a Collection, users receive email
              notifications when other users participate. May be true or false. Defaults to
              true.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>email_notifications:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(optional) object </b>Defines the frequency of available Livefyre email
              notifications. Different frequencies may be set for each notification type.By default,
              no notifications will be sent.immediately issues notifications immediately upon the
              listed event.often issues notifications in batches.never will not send email
              notification for the activity.</dd>
            <dd>
              <b>comments: </b>Defines when notifications are sent when other users post content
              into Collections that this user is following.<b>replies: </b>Defines when
              notifications are sent when another user replies to this user’s content.<b>likes:
              </b>Defines when notifications are sent when another user likes this user’s
                content.<b>moderator_comments: </b>Defines when notifications are sent to moderators
              when users post content to any Collection in the Network.<b>moderator_flags:
              </b>Defines when notifications are sent to moderators when other users flag content in
              any Collection in the Network.</dd>
          </dlentry>
        </dl>
      </section>
      <section id="section_stb_2n5_b1b">
        <title>Example User Profile Format</title>
        <note>The following example lists both required and optional user profile import
          data.</note>
        <codeblock>
{
    "id": "_u1",
    "display_name": "John Smith",
    "name": {
        "formatted": "John Michael Smith",
        "first": "John",
        "middle": "Michael",
        "last": "Smith"
    },
    "email": "mohnsmith@gmail.com",
    "tags": ["subscriber", "power_user"],
    "profile_url": "https://site.com/johnsmith",
    "settings_url": "https://site.com/settings",
    "websites": ["https://johnsmith.com/blog/"],
    "location": "Washington D.C., USA",
    "bio": "Bob Dole talks in the third person",
    "email_notifications": {
        "comments": "never",
        "moderator_comments": "immediately",
        "moderator_flags": "immediately",
        "replies": "immediately",
        "likes": "often"
    },
    "autofollow_conversations": true
}</codeblock>
      </section>
    </conbody>
  </concept>
  <concept id="c_importing_content">
    <title>Importing Content</title>
    <shortdesc>Importing user and comment data into Livefyre.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
      <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">c_importing_content.dita</draft-comment>
      <p>Import legacy content after your user profile data import is complete to allow Livefyre to
        link content to its author appropriately.</p>
      <section id="section_vhm_vtt_b1b">
        <title>Content Data Formatting</title>
        <p>To begin the import process, you must prepare your import data. Livefyre’s import system
          expects a specific file format of line-delimited JSON Blobs, with each file representing a
          site on your network, and each line within the file representing an individual Collection
          on that site.</p>
        <p>The Content <xref href="https://json-schema.org/" format="html" scope="external">JSON
            schema</xref> is described in this Livefyre <xref href="https://github.com/Livefyre/import-tools/blob/master/lfvalidator/jsonschema/conv_schema.json" format="html" scope="external">GitHub gist</xref>. Validators can be found in the
          language of your choice from the json-schema.org &gt; <xref href="https://json-schema.org/implementations.html" format="html" scope="external">Implementations</xref> page.</p>
        <p>
          <b>File Format Standards</b>
        </p>
        <p>A successful import must adhere to the following standards:</p>
        <ul id="ul_rz4_ncl_wz">
          <li>Individual files may not contain multiple sites. Please create one file per site.</li>
          <li>Each line must be valid JSON, but the files do not need to be valid JSON. Do not
            include commas after each line.</li>
          <li>All Comments in a given Collection must appear in full on a single line. Do not
            include any literal endlines other than a single one at the end of each (Collection)
            Blob.</li>
          <li>Files must be UTF-8 formatted.</li>
          <li>Timestamps must be <xref href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601" format="html" scope="external">ISO-8601 compliant</xref>.</li>
          <li>URLs must be fully qualified. They must include https:// or https:// and domains must
            include the trailing /. For example:<ul id="ul_sz4_ncl_wz"><li>https://web.livefyre.com/ or https://web.livefyre.com/index.html</li></ul></li>
          <li>The top level id field must be unique to the content. (This id is often the CMS’s
            unique ID, but may also be the content’s URL, post number, or other identifying string.
            If using the content URL as the unique identifier, it is a best practice to MD5 or
            otherwise hash the identifier to meet field length restrictions.)</li>
          <li>To streamline the import process, do not import Collections that do not yet include
            comments. After implementation, Livefyre will automatically create a Collection with 0
            comments the first time your App is loaded on the page.</li>
          <li>If not importing User Profiles, omit the author_id field from the Blob (unless you are
            preparing files for Livefyre’s archive import).</li>
        </ul>
        <p>
          <b>HTML Standards</b>
        </p>
        <ul id="ul_tz4_ncl_wz">
          <li>
            <b>Allowed HTML tags and attributes in comment bodies:</b>
            <ul id="ul_uz4_ncl_wz">
              <li>Tags: a, span, label, p, br, strong, em, u, blockquote, ul, li, ol, pre, body, b,
                i</li>
              <li>Attributes: href, target</li>
            </ul>
            <p>
              <b>Line breaks:</b> Line breaks in comments must be represented as &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
              and &lt;br&gt; tags. n will not be accepted. Wrapping the entire comment in surrounding
              &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt; tags is not required.</p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <b>Do not use HTML entities in Collection Titles:</b> HTML entities like &lt;b&gt;,
            &lt;i&gt;, &lt;strong&gt;, and &lt;em&gt; must be removed from the Collection title. If included,
            they will be represented literally in the displayed Collection title in Studio.</li>
          <li>
            <b>Do not encode angle brackets in HTML tags: </b>The left and right angle bracket
            characters ( &lt; &gt; ) of HTML tags in body_html should not be encoded. If encoded, these
            tags will have no meaning and will be displayed literally in Studio.</li>
          <li>
            <p>
              <b>Escape quotations in tags: </b>Quotation marks in HTML tags must be backslash
              escaped.</p>
            <p>For example: &lt;a href=”https://www.baseart.fr/doc/sacguccifrance.php”&gt;gucci
              jeans&lt;a&gt;</p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <b>Do not add extra attributes from anchor tags: </b>Additional attributes like
            rel=”nofollow” and rel=”bookmark” are not permitted. The additional invalid attributes
            will be stripped out during the import, and the anchor tag will be imported without
            them.</li>
        </ul>
        <p>
          <b>Threaded Content</b>
        </p>
        <p>To maintain threading in your imported content, adhere to the following rules:</p>
        <ul id="ul_vz4_ncl_wz">
          <li>
            <p>
              <b>Comment ordering: </b>To preserve comment threading, parent content must be
              imported before child/reply content. Specifically, the top level ID of a comment must
              exist before a child comment references it as parent. An easy way to accomplish this
              is to list comments from oldest to newest date of creation.</p>
            <p>
              <b>Note: </b>Livefyre doesn’t keep a record of parent IDs after running a sample
              import. Parent IDs must be included in the delta file.</p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <b>Threading with moderated comments: </b>To maintain threading in your reply
            structures, set the parent_id for every reply comment.</li>
          <li>
            <b>Deleted or Moderated comments: </b>There are two options for comments that have
            been deleted or moderated and have child replies:<ul id="ul_wz4_ncl_wz"><li><p><b>Import all comments: </b>Import all comments and replace the text of deleted
                  or moderated comments with a standardized message.</p><p>For example, if your original content structure follows this format:</p><p>– A</p><p>— B (deleted/moderated)</p><p>— C</p><p>—- DStructure the import file to replace the deleted content with a message:</p><p>– A</p><p>— B (replace body_html text. For example: “This comment has been deleted or
                  moderated.”)</p><p>— C</p><p>—- D</p></li><li><p><b>Import approved comments only: </b>Include only approved (non-moderated)
                  comments and comments from users that have not been banned in the import. To
                  preserve threading, replies to removed comments must specify the parent of the
                  removed comment’s ID as the parent_id.</p><p>For example, if content follows this format:</p><p>– A</p><p>— B (deleted/moderated)</p><p>— C</p><p>—- D Structure your import file to set the top level comment as the parent to the
                  removed content’s child:</p><p>– A</p><p>— C (set parent_id to ID of A)</p><p>— D</p></li></ul></li>
        </ul>
        <p>
          <b>Special Characters</b>
        </p>
        <ul id="ul_xz4_ncl_wz">
          <li>
            <b>Encode non-ASCII special characters: </b>All non-ASCII special characters must be
            encoded, preferably with Python style encoding. For example, replace smartquotes (also
            known as typographer’s quotes ’ ) with u2019. (Do not escape the backslash; Livefyre
            requires the single backslash.)</li>
        </ul>
      </section>
      <section id="section_p4c_qtt_b1b">
        <title>Available Content Parameters</title>
        <p>The following parameters are used in the Content import process.</p>
        <p>
          <b>Required</b>
        </p>
        <dl>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>source:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(required) string </b>The site on which the comment originated.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>title:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(required) string </b>The title for the Collection to which the comment was
              posted.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>created:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(required) timestamp </b>The ISO-8601 compliant timestamp for the moment the
              Collection in which the comment was posted was created. For example:
              “2010-07-05T23:01:15Z”</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>id (source):</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(required) string </b>The article ID you chose to uniquely identify a Collection
              within your Site, encoded using Base64. This parameter is limited to 150
              characters.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>id (comments):</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(required) string </b>Your system’s internal content identifier, used by the
              importer to relate children using their <codeph>parent_id</codeph>.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>imported_display_name:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(required) string </b>The name to display next to content. (Unicode characters
              may be used.)</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>author_id:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(required) string </b>The unique ID of the content’s author. (Unicode characters
              cannot be used for this parameter.)</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>body_html:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(required) string </b>The text string for the Comment. Only &lt;p&gt; and &lt;a&gt;
              tags, and the href attribute are allowed.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>created:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(required) timestamp </b>The ISO-8601 compliant timestamp for the Comment’s
              creation. For example: “2010-07-05T23:01:15Z”</dd>
          </dlentry>
        </dl>
        <p>
          <b>Optional fields</b>
        </p>
        <dl>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>imported_email:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(optional) string </b>Used for gravatars, and not displayed publicly.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>imported_url:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(optional) string </b>A user provided website.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>parent_id:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(optional) string </b>Provide the parent ID for the comment to which this comment
              is a reply. Parent comments must appear before their children.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>likes:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(optional) array </b>An array of user IDs of users who have ‘liked’ the
              comment.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>tags:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(optional) array </b>Use tags to assign users to user groups. Tags may include
              1-63 alphanumeric and underscore characters.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>allow_comments:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(optional) Boolean </b>Set to <codeph>false</codeph> if you do not wish to allow
              new comments on the conversation. May be <codeph>true</codeph> or
                <codeph>false</codeph>.</dd>
          </dlentry>
        </dl>
      </section>
      <section id="section_ufj_jkn_b1b">
        <title>Example Comment Format</title>
        <note>
          <codeph>parent_id</codeph> and <codeph>id</codeph> must be strings in your import
          file.</note>
        <codeblock>
{
   "source": "https://www.somepartner.com/homepage/check-out-this-sneezing-panda.html",
   "title": "Check out this sneezing panda!",
   "created": "2010-07-05T23:07:15Z",
   "id": "3042469",
 
   "comments": [
      {
         "id": "99770519",
         "imported_display_name": "chris",
         "author_id": "99999",
         "body_html": "&lt;p&gt;OMG I love how cute the video is!&lt;/p&gt;",
         "created": "2010-07-05T23:01:15Z"
      },
      {
         "id": "99770520",
         "body_html": "&lt;p&gt;OMG I love how cute the video is!&lt;/p&gt;",
         "created": "2010-07-05T23:01:15Z",
         "author_id": "999999",
         "imported_display_name": "chris",
         "imported_email": "chris@livefyre.com",
         "imported_url": "https://livefyre.com",
         "parent_id": "99770519",
         "likes": ["999998", "999990"]
      }
   ],
 
   "tags": ["blog_post","news","sports"],
   "allow_comments": true
}</codeblock>
      </section>
    </conbody>
  </concept>
  <concept id="c_importing_ratings_and_reviews">
    <title>Importing Ratings and Reviews</title>
    <shortdesc>Importing ratings and reviews data to Livefyre.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
      <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">c_importing_ratings_and_reviews.dita</draft-comment>
      <p>Importing your legacy ratings and reviews data allows you to maintain historic data in your
        Livefyre Ratings and Reviews Apps.</p>
      <section id="section_o1d_52n_b1b">
        <title>Ratings and Reviews Data Formatting</title>
        <p>For Rating and Reviews specific imports, exclude endlines from the JSON record, and make
          sure that each Rating or Review appears on a single line.</p>
        <p>The Reviews <xref href="https://json-schema.org/" format="html" scope="external">JSON
            schema</xref> is described in this Livefyre <xref href="https://github.com/Livefyre/import-tools/blob/master/lfvalidator/jsonschema/reviews_schema.json" format="html" scope="external">GitHub gist</xref>. Validators can be found in the
          language of your choice from the json-schema.org &gt; <xref href="https://json-schema.org/implementations.html" format="html" scope="external">Implementations</xref> page.</p>
        <p>To import only Ratings and Reviews, and not the associated user profiles, follow the
          example JSON format below, and specify fields that begin with imported_. In this case,
          only imported_display_name is required. When using these fields, omit the author_id.</p>
      </section>
      <section id="section_nxl_vcn_b1b">
        <title>Available Ratings and Reviews Parameters</title>
        <p>The following parameters are used in the Ratings and Reviews import process.</p>
        <p>
          <b>Required fields</b>
        </p>
        <dl>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>source:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(required) string </b>The site on which the Review originated.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>title:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(required) string </b>The title for the Collection to which the Review was
              posted.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>created:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(required) timestamp </b>The ISO-8601 compliant timestamp for the moment the
              Collection in which the Review was posted was created. For example:
              “2010-07-05T23:01:15Z”</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>id (source):</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(required) string </b>The article ID you chose to uniquely identify a Collection
              within your site, encoded using Base64. This parameter is limited to 150
              characters.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>dimensions:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(required) array</b> An array of strings for each type of dimension that this
              Collection will use. If this is not specified, only 1 dimension will be allowed.For
              example, to allow users to rate your product on ‘design’, ‘features’, and
              ‘performance’, set the array to: dimensions: [‘design’, ‘features’,
              ‘performance’]</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>id (reviews):</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(required) string </b>Your system’s internal content identifier, used by the
              importer to relate children using their parent_id.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>imported_display_name:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(required) string </b>The display name of the user. This will be rendered with
              Livefyre content posted by the user.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>title:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(required) string </b>User’s review title.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>body_html:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(required) string </b>The text string for the Review. Only tags &lt;p&gt; and
              &lt;a&gt;, and only the href attribute, are allowed.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>created:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(required) timestamp </b>The ISO-8601 compliant timestamp for the Comment’s
              creation. For example: “2010-07-05T23:01:15Z”</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>ratings:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(required) array </b>An array of integers (from 1-100) which represent the
              author’s rating for each of your defined dimensions. The number of items in the array
              must equal the number of defined dimensions.</dd>
          </dlentry>
        </dl>
        <p>
          <b>Optional fields</b>
        </p>
        <dl>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>author_id:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(optional) string </b>The userId of the user in your profile system. This must be
              unique across all users in your Network, and must never change. Max length = 255
              characters.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>imported_email:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(optional) string </b>Used for gravatars, and not displayed publicly.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>imported_url:</dt>
            <dd>
              <b>(optional) string </b>A user provided website.</dd>
          </dlentry>
        </dl>
      </section>
      <section id="section_vnz_3cn_b1b">
        <title>Example Ratings and Reviews Format</title>
        <note>The following sample data is for a Reviews Collection with multiple rating dimensions.
          If your Collection has only one dimension (such as overall/default), the dimensions field
          must be [‘default’], and the ratings fields in the reviews should only have one
          score.</note>
        <p>Single-dimension review with required fields</p>
        <codeblock>{
   "source": "https://www.somepartner.com/homepage/check-out-this-sneezing-panda.html",
   "title": "Check out this sneezing panda!",
   "created": "2010-07-05T23:07:15",
   "id": "3042469",
   "dimensions": ['firmness', 'comfort', 'style'],
 
   "reviews": [
      {
         "id": "99770519",
         "imported_display_name": "chris",
         "title": "User's review title",
         "body_html": "&lt;p&gt;OMG I love this product!&lt;/p&gt;",
         "created": "2010-07-05T23:01:15",
         "ratings": [70]
      },
   ],
}</codeblock>
        <p>Multi-dimension review with required fields</p>
        <codeblock>
{
   "id": "99770519",
   "imported_display_name": "chris",
   "title": "User's review title",
   "body_html": "&lt;p&gt;OMG I love this product!&lt;/p&gt;",
   "created": "2010-07-05T23:01:15",
   "ratings": [80, 100, 70]
},</codeblock>
        <p>Multi-dimension review with additional fields</p>
        <codeblock>{
   "id": "99770520",
   "imported_display_name": "chris",
   "title": "User's review title",
   "body_html": "&lt;p&gt;The product was just OK&lt;/p&gt;",
   "created": "2010-07-05T23:01:15",
   "ratings": [20, 30, 40]
   "author_id": "999999",
   "imported_email": "chris@livefyre.com",
   "imported_url": "https://livefyre.com"
},</codeblock>
        <p>Reviews with multiple subparts</p>
        <codeblock>{
   "id": "99770519",
   "imported_display_name": "chris",
   "title": "User's review title",
   "body_html": "&lt;p&gt;OMG I love this product!&lt;/p&gt;",
   "subparts": {"Pros":"Amazing tech breakthrough","Cons":"Short battery life"},
   "created": "2010-07-05T23:01:15",
   "ratings": [80, 100, 70]
},</codeblock>
        <note>Review subparts are used to define one or more customizable fields that you want to
          include in your reviews in addition to title and body.</note>
      </section>
    </conbody>
  </concept>
</dita>