<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_instagram_content_guidelines">
 <title>Instagram Content Guidelines</title>
 <shortdesc>When curating content from Instagram, you must follow their guidelines and best
  practices.</shortdesc>
 <prolog>
  <metadata>
   <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
  </metadata>
 </prolog>
 <conbody>
  <p>In general, Instagram adheres to the rule that the content belongs to the user, who must confer
   permission for their content to be used. To better follow this requirement, Livefyre suggests
   that you:</p>
  <ul id="ul_jkb_fcm_tz">
   <li>Promote and select hashtags that are unique to your brand, so users are “explicitly” joining
    the campaign.</li>
   <li>Use one (1) hashtag instead of several for any given campaign or promotion, allowing you to
    track by a single, specific filter.</li>
   <li>Use specific, rather than generic words in the hashtag search. Using generic words may yield
    unexpected results, and may include users who did not intend for their photo to be used in
    relation to your campaign.</li>
  </ul>
  <p>Instagram, like other brands, also has requirements for using their brand assets. For example,
   photos must:</p>
  <ul id="ul_kkb_fcm_tz">
   <li>Provide attribution to Instagram and the owner of the content.</li>
   <li>Be clearly differentiated from other social media content if displayed together with other
    networks’ media.</li>
  </ul>
  <p>For more information, please see Instagram’s document: <xref
    href="http://help.instagram.com/304689166306603" format="html" scope="external">Using Instagram
    Brand Assets</xref>.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
