<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_instagram_rules">
 <title>Instagram Rules</title>
 <shortdesc>You can create Stream rules that pull content from Instagram.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <note>
   <p>Before you create an Instagram stream, you must add at least one corporate Instagram account
    to the <uicontrol>Social Accounts</uicontrol> section in <uicontrol>Network
    Settings</uicontrol>. For more information on how to configure a social account, see
    <!--hrk 5/2/2017 need link to Social Accounts-->Social Accounts.</p>
  </note>
  <p>Create Instagram Rules based on @mentions, hashtag, or location.</p>
  <note>All Instagram rules require at least one hashtag. Adding keywords and a Username for your
      rule will return content which includes both entries.</note>
  <p>To create Instagram Rules to pull content from Instagram feeds into your App or Folder, filter
   by:</p>
  <ul id="ul_akb_fcm_tz">
   <li><uicontrol>Words</uicontrol><ul id="ul_bkb_fcm_tz">
     <li>Enter <uicontrol>hashtags</uicontrol> to be included in, or excluded from your Instagram
      stream. Specifying values for both the <uicontrol>Contains</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Does not
       contain</uicontrol> fields will return images which contain the first, and do not contain the
      second.</li>
     <li>For example, entering <uicontrol>Contains</uicontrol> keywords Giants, Posey, and
       <uicontrol>Does not contain</uicontrol> keyword Dodger, will return all posts which include
      the word Giants or Posey, and do not include the word Dodger.<note>Instagram Rules will return
       posts which include the listed hashtag in the author’s comments, which may not appear in the
       stream.</note></li>
    </ul></li>
   <li><uicontrol>Mentions</uicontrol><ul id="ul_ckb_fcm_tz">
          <li>Enter <uicontrol>@mentions</uicontrol> to pull into the stream, or exclude from the
            stream.</li>
        </ul></li>
   <li><uicontrol>Location. </uicontrol>Choose one of the following:<ul id="ul_dkb_fcm_tz">
     <li>
            <p><uicontrol>Map</uicontrol> location (city, zipcode, address, or geocode in the common
              latitude/longitude format (+/- 90, +/- 180) ). Begin typing a location to display a
              drop down menu with suggestions. Select a location from the drop down. The map
              displays a pin of that location. Adjust the slider to select a radius of one mile to
              three miles for each location. If you do not choose a radius, Livefyre automatically
              chooses a default of two miles.</p>
            <p>You can add more than one location and radius. You can delete a location by clicking
              the X next to the name of a location in the box.</p>
            <p>Combine the <uicontrol>Is near this location</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Is not near
                this location</uicontrol> fields to pull content within locations in the
                <uicontrol>Is near this location</uicontrol> field, but not near the locations in
              the <uicontrol>Is not near this location</uicontrol> field.</p>
            <note>
              <p>For both fields, distance will be calculated from the center of the input
                location.</p>
            </note>
          </li>
     <li><uicontrol>Check In Location</uicontrol><ul id="ul_fkb_fcm_tz">
       <li>Enter the <uicontrol>Instagram Place URL</uicontrol> from Instagram. To find the
        Instagram Place URL:<ol id="ol_gkb_fcm_tz">
         <li>Search Instagram for a specific check in location. For example, search in Instagram for
          “golden gate bridge.”</li>
         <li>Select the check in location from the list. For example, select the check in location
          with the name “Golden Gate Bridge.”</li>
         <li>Instagram takes you to the webpage for that check in location. There is a map pointing
          to the location and Instagram posts that have check-ins there. The URL contains a number.
          This number is the number to put in the <uicontrol>Instagram Place URL</uicontrol> field.
          For example, for the Golden Gate Bridge check in location, the URL is
          http://www.instagram.com/explore/locations/16839381/golden-gate-bridge/.</li>
        </ol></li>
      </ul></li>
    </ul></li>
   <li><uicontrol>Additional Filters</uicontrol><ul id="ul_hkb_fcm_tz">
     <li>Select whether you would like to include <uicontrol>All Content</uicontrol>,
       <uicontrol>Videos Only</uicontrol>, or <uicontrol>Photos Only</uicontrol> in your
      stream.</li>
    </ul></li>
  </ul>
    <p>For additional Stream rule options for all Stream rules, see <xref
        href="c_stream_rule_options_for_all_stream_rules.dita#c_stream_rule_options_for_all_stream_rules"
        >Stream Rule Options for All Stream Rules</xref>. </p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
