<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_livefyre_ios_sdk">
 <title>Livefyre iOS SDK</title>
 <shortdesc>Add Livefyre to your native iOS App.</shortdesc>
 <prolog>
  <metadata>
   <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
  </metadata>
 </prolog>
 <conbody>
  <p>On this page:</p>
  <ul id="ul_orz_vjn_3cb">
   <li>
    <xref href="#c_livefyre_ios_sdk/section_qc5_h3v_zz" format="dita"/>
   </li>
   <li>
    <xref href="#c_livefyre_ios_sdk/section_jcm_g3v_zz" format="dita"/>
   </li>
   <li>
    <xref href="#c_livefyre_ios_sdk/section_rpb_f3v_zz" format="dita"/>
   </li>
   <li>
    <xref href="#c_livefyre_ios_sdk/section_arl_b3v_zz" format="dita"/>
   </li>
   <li>
    <xref href="#c_livefyre_ios_sdk/section_m5l_13v_zz" format="dita"/>
   </li>
   <li>
    <xref href="#c_livefyre_ios_sdk/section_pcd_5hv_zz" format="dita"/>
   </li>
  </ul>
  <p>Use this open-source library to integrate Livefyre services into your native iOS app. The
   Livefyre StreamHub iOS SDK provides a thin layer around our common API mechanisms, based on the
   excellent AFNetworking library.</p>
  <p>Livefyre also provides two iOS Sample Apps based on this SDK: a Comment Stream and a Reviews
   sample App.</p>
  <section id="section_qc5_h3v_zz">
   <title>Integrating the SDK into your project as a Cocoa Pod (recommended)</title>
   <p>The most convenient way to add StreamHub-iOS SDK to your project is to use CocoaPods. If you
    don’t have CocoaPods, run gem install cocoapods and pod setup. Here is an example Podfile:</p>
   <codeblock>source 'https://github.com/Livefyre/cocoapods.git'
source 'https://github.com/CocoaPods/Specs.git'
 
platform :ios, :deployment_target => '6.0'
 
pod 'StreamHub-iOS-SDK', '~> 0.3.0'</codeblock>
   <p>You will also need to add a Specs repository to your CocoaPod installation (this will clone it
    to <codeph>~/.cocoapods/repos</codeph> directory):</p>
   <codeblock>pod repo add livefyre https://github.com/Livefyre/cocoapods.git</codeblock>
   <p>Once your Podfile is created in your app project root and the repository above added, run:</p>
   <codeblock>pod install</codeblock>
   <p>This will download all the dependencies and create a file MyApp.xcworkspace, which you should
    use from now on to open your app project in Xcode.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_jcm_g3v_zz">
   <title>As an Xcode subproject</title>
   <p>Alternatively, clone the repository:</p>
   <codeblock>git clone https://github.com/Livefyre/StreamHub-iOS-SDK.git
</codeblock>
   <p>Next, add the Xcode project (LFSClient.xcodeproj) to your app as a subproject (easily done by
    simply dragging the LFSClient.xcodeproj file into Project Navigator pane in Xcode).</p>
   <p>You will also need to do the same with any of the dependencies (<xref
     href="https://github.com/AFNetworking/AFNetworking" format="html" scope="external"
     >AFNetworking</xref>, <xref href="https://github.com/escherba/JSONKit" format="html"
     scope="external">JSONKit</xref>).</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_rpb_f3v_zz">
   <title>Download everything at once (not recommended)</title>
   <codeblock>cd ~/dev
git clone https://github.com/Livefyre/StreamHub-iOS-SDK.git
cd StreamHub-iOS-SDK
git submodule init
git submodule update
pod repo add livefyre https://github.com/Livefyre/cocoapods.git
pod install
cd examples/CommentStream
pod install
open CommentStream.xcworkspace</codeblock>
   <note>To run tests in Xcode 6, you must add $(PLATFORM_DIR)/Developer/Library/Frameworks to
        FRAMEWORK_SEARCH_PATHS in Pods-test-XCTest+OHHTTPStubSuiteCleanUp pod [<xref
          href="http://stackoverflow.com/a/24651704" format="html" scope="external"
          >http://stackoverflow.com/a/24651704</xref>].</note>
   <p>You need LFSTestConfig.plist file from Livefyre, which Livefyre provides upon request.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_arl_b3v_zz">
   <title>Xcode Documentation</title>
   <p>You can browse the <xref href="http://livefyre.github.com/StreamHub-iOS-SDK/" format="html"
     scope="external">documentation</xref> or you can build the “Documentation” target in your Xcode
    (requires appledoc to be installed) on your system.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_m5l_13v_zz">
   <title>Requirements</title>
   <p>StreamHub iOS SDK versions since v0.2.0 require iOS 6.0 or higher.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_pcd_5hv_zz">
   <title>Appendix (JSON support)</title>
   <p>For those looking at StreamHub-iOS SDK internals, please note that we use a modified version
    of <xref href="https://github.com/escherba/JSONKit" format="html" scope="external"
     >JSONKit</xref> as the default JSON parser (instead of Apple-provided NSJSONSerialization). We
    had to do this because the Apple-provided parser does not support decoding JSON files that
    contain integers or floating point numbers that are larger than those that can be represented by
    the system. Our modified version of JSONKit truncates very large numbers to corresponding system
    maximum, instead of throwing an exception.</p>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
