<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd"[]>
<dita>
  <concept id="c_map_app">
    <title>Map</title>
    <shortdesc>Use Map to generate interactive maps of content streaming into the App. </shortdesc>
    <prolog>
      <metadata>
        <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager" />
      </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
      <p>Use Livefyre Map to create a map pinning all content flowing into your Collection. Users
        may click on stacked images to zoom in, and view individual posts. Content streams onto the
        map in real-time, allowing users to participate in events as they unfold. </p>
      <p>Map is a visualization of location markers on a world map, showing all geotagged content
        matching a specified Curate Collection. Map displays new content in real time, and may be
        configured to cluster content created in close proximity to one another. Users may click on
        clustered content to zoom, and may click on individual content thumbnails to open a modal
        containing the original piece of content.</p>
      <p>Use Map to display where people are discussing a specific topic, especially during
        developing stories like sporting events, breaking news, conferences, or global product
        launches.</p>
      <note>Map is powered by ©OpenStreetMap, which provides the data Livefyre uses to render its
        Map.</note>
    </conbody>
  </concept>
</dita>