<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_managing_rights_requests">
    <title>Managing Rights Requests</title>
    <shortdesc></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
        <p>You can manage Rights Requests in the following ways:</p>
        <ul id="ul_ynq_ghx_cbb">
            <li>Request Rights from the Library. For more information on how to request rights from
                the Library, see <xref
                    href="c_how_requesting_rights_works.dita#c_how_requesting_rights_works"/>.</li>
            <li>Request Rights from App Content. For more information on how to request rights from
                the App Content, see <xref
                    href="c_how_requesting_rights_works.dita#c_how_requesting_rights_works"/>.</li>
            <li>Request Rights from ModQ. For more information on how to request rights from the
                ModQ, see <xref
                    href="c_how_requesting_rights_works.dita#c_how_requesting_rights_works"/></li>
            <li>Request Rights from AEM Commerce. For more information on how to request rights from
                AEM Commerce. See <xref
                    href="t_request_rights_using_aem_assets.dita#t_request_rights_using_aem_assets"
                />.</li>
            <li>Search for content with a specific rights status in the Library or App Content to
                follow-up on previous rights requests. For more on how to manage content with
                previous rights requests, see <xref
                    href="c_how_requesting_rights_works.dita#c_how_requesting_rights_works"/>. </li>
            <li>View the rights request history for a piece of content. For more information on how
                to view the history of rights requests for a piece of content, see <xref
                    href="c_how_requesting_rights_works.dita#c_how_requesting_rights_works"/>.</li>
            <li>
                <p>Manually override the rights for one or more assets at a time. For more on how to
                    manually grant rights, see <xref
                        href="c_how_requesting_rights_works.dita#c_how_requesting_rights_works"
                    />.</p>
                <note>Overriding a rights request is stating that you own the content. Do not
                    override a rights request without verifying that you own the content.</note>
            </li>
        </ul>
    </conbody>
</concept>
