<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_moderation">
 <title>SAFE Rules</title>
 <shortdesc>The Livefyre Spam and Abuse Filtering Engine (SAFE), is a background process that
  analyzes all incoming content, and is enabled for all Livefyre customers. </shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <section id="section_m1m_dtx_vy">
   <p>SAFE uses pattern rules as well as statistical models to detect spam, abuse, profanity, and
    bulk (repetitive) posts. You will see it referenced from time to time in other Livefyre
    products, notably the Content moderation tools and ModQ.</p>
   <note>SAFE is English only, except for Bulk mailing classification. If you require support for
    other languages, please contact your Strategic Account Manager.</note>
  </section>
  <section id="section_k34_4tx_vy">
   <title>Studio Components using SAFE</title>
   <p>Flags applied by SAFE can be used with the following Studio components:</p>
   <ul id="ul_fm3_qhz_y1b">
    <li>
     <p>Rules</p>
     <p>You can define SAFE rules to automatically flag content and define how flagged content
      should be handled in the <uicontrol>Network Settings</uicontrol>. </p>
     <p>For example, a site may set a very low tolerance for Profanity and define SAFE Rules that
      set all content flagged as Profane to be Bozo’d. Other sites may define Rules which set
      Profane content to be pre-moderated before entering the stream.</p>
    </li>
    <li>
     <p>ModQ</p>
     <p>You can moderate content flagged by SAFE rules, and other premoderation rules (for example,
      SPAM, profanity, etc.), in the ModQ. </p>
    </li>
    <li>
     <p>App Content in the Library</p>
     <p>Content flagged by SAFE is listed in the App Content in the <uicontrol>Library</uicontrol>
      tab. You can filter content by flags to moderate content.</p>
    </li>
   </ul>
  </section>
  <section id="section_pg5_ttx_vy">
   <title>SAFE Filter Options </title>
   <p>SAFE applies the following flags to filtered content and can be used to create rules and
    moderate content from within Livefyre Studio.</p>
   <ul id="ul_nrr_mq1_vy">
    <li><uicontrol>Profanity List</uicontrol>: Profane content, as defined by a list of English
     keywords, based on common use.<p>The Profanity Filter looks for profane language, based on a
      tested word list. If detected, the content is flagged Profane.</p><note>Livefyre also provides
      a second Profanity List filter, which you can customize at both the Site and Network levels.
      Rules created with the Profanity List will take precedence over automated rules stemming from
      the SAFE Profanity filter. For more information, please see the Profanity List section in the
      Settings documentation.</note></li>
    <li><uicontrol>Mild Profanity</uicontrol>: Words and phrases generally not acceptable in polite
     conversations, but are usually acceptable in casual conversations. Generally, these words and
     phrases are allowed on network television. </li>
    <li><uicontrol>Strong Profanity</uicontrol>: Very strong language, such as expletives and
     phrases not allowed on network television and used sparingly in R-rated movies and mature cable
     TV shows. Generally these words are not used in polite or casual conversation and are said in
     an impolite conversation with an intent to harm the listener.</li>
    <li><uicontrol>SPAM</uicontrol>: Unsolicited, usually commercial content. It uses a statistical
     model that relies on a variety of features (including comment content and URLs) to flag a piece
     of content as SPAM. You can adjust spam thresholds to customize SPAM tagging rates for your
     network or site, by request.</li>
    <li><uicontrol>Mild Insult</uicontrol>: Insulting content, as defined by a list of keywords and
     phrase patterns.</li>
    <li><uicontrol>Strong Insult</uicontrol>: Insulting content, as defined by a list of keywords
     and phrase patterns.</li>
    <li><uicontrol>Hate Speech</uicontrol>: An insult based on ethnicity or religion, especially
     when the target group affiliation is in a minority or protected.</li>
    <li><uicontrol>ALL CAPS</uicontrol>: Text presented in all capital letters (read as
     yelling).</li>
    <!--BULK?  in stream rules; keeping it out until Jira ticket https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/FYR-3628 is resolved and we've figured out whether we are keeping bulk in stream rules or not. hrk 8/23/17-->
    <li><uicontrol>Mild Threat</uicontrol>: A threat or insult that usually includes some kind of
     mild profanity directed at another person. This option flags possible threats more often, but
     also has a higher false-positive rate than <uicontrol>Strong Threat</uicontrol>. </li>
    <li><uicontrol>Strong Threat</uicontrol>: A serious threat or insult that mentions actionable
     bodily harm to one or more people, often with strong profanity. This option flags possible
     threats less often, but also has a lower false-positive rate than <uicontrol>Mild
      Threat</uicontrol>. </li>
    <li><uicontrol>Probable Nudity</uicontrol>: An image that may have nudity in it. This option
     flags nudity less often, but also has a lower false-positive rate than <uicontrol>Possible
      Nudity</uicontrol>.</li>
    <li><uicontrol>Possible Nudity</uicontrol>: An image that may have nudity in it. This option
     flags nudity more often, but also has a higher false-positive rate than <uicontrol>Probable
      Nudity</uicontrol>.</li>
    <li><uicontrol>PII </uicontrol> (Personally-Identifiable Information): Information which can
     identify the user. This can include an email address, physical address, social security number
     (for US customers), credit card number, a password, or anything that can be used in fraud or to
     gain someone’s identity.</li>
    <li><uicontrol>Livefyre Recommends Trash</uicontrol>. Set the action that the system performs
     when the automated Moderation Recommendation identifies content for rejection. <note>To turn on
      Moderation Recommendations, contact your Adobe Livefyre support professional.</note></li>
   </ul>
  </section>
  <section id="section_pjy_5tx_vy">
   <title>Handling Content not caught by SAFE</title>
   <p>There are several means available to effectively handle content not caught by this filter.
    Options below are listed in the recommended order of process.</p>
   <ol id="ol_v4j_yqc_hbb">
    <li>As a moderator, remove the content from the stream.</li>
    <li>Create a Flag Rule that says if a piece of content is flagged as Spam or Offensive by five
     users, set it to Bozo.</li>
    <li>Ban the user that is posting unwanted content, so all their content will go directly into
     the Bozo state.</li>
    <li>Add specific words that should always be filtered to your profanity list.</li>
   </ol>
   <note>If a moderator posts content that is caught by our Spam Filter, it is still flagged as
    Spam, but is automatically Approved, and will not be set to Bozo.</note>
   <p>If you notice trends or patterns of content not caught by SAFE, email your CSMs with the
    Comment IDs and text.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_blk_ccj_h1b">
   <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
   <ul id="ul_qzp_ccj_h1b">
    <li><xref href="c_carousel_app.dita#c_carousel_app">Carousel</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_chat_app.dita#c_chat_app">Chat</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_feature_card_app.dita#c_feature_card_app">Feature Card</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_map_app.dita#c_map_app">Map</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_media_wall_app.dita#c_media_wall_app">Media Wall</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_mosaic_app.dita#c_mosaic_app">Mosaic</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_reviews_app.dita#c_reviews_app">Reviews</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_sidenotes_app.dita#c_sidenotes_app">Sidenotes</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_storify2.dita#c_storify2">Storify 2</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_upload_button_app.dita#c_upload_button_app">Upload Button</xref></li>
   </ul>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
