<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_moderate_inline">
 <title>Moderate Content from a Stream </title>
 <shortdesc>Moderate content that comes from a Stream using the Library.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <!--Where and how do users do this? hrk 8/23/17-->
  <p>Moderators can approve or reject pending comments directly from the stream, using the
   Library.</p>
  <p>To moderate pending content, simply mouse over the <uicontrol>Pending</uicontrol> button.</p>
  <p>The <uicontrol>Pending</uicontrol> button changes and you can select whether to Deny
    (<uicontrol>x</uicontrol>) or Approve (<uicontrol>✓</uicontrol>) the comment.</p>
  <p>Mouse over the comment space and the following moderation options display:</p>
  <ul id="ul_wby_24x_vy">
   <li>
    <p><uicontrol>Ban user:</uicontrol> bans the user from adding content to the site.</p>
    <note>This option is site-specific, and will not ban the user from your entire network. For
     Sidenotes, users may be banned only from within Studio, and not from within the stream.</note>
   </li>
   <li><uicontrol>Bozo:</uicontrol> Bozos the content’s author. For Sidenotes, users may be Bozo’d
    only from within Studio, and not from within the stream.</li>
   <li><uicontrol>Delete:</uicontrol> Deletes the content from the thread.</li>
   <li><uicontrol>Flag:</uicontrol> Opens a Flag modal, allowing you to select a flag for the
    content (Spam, Offensive, Disagree, or Off-Topic), enter an email address to associate with the
    Flag, if desired, and add a note.</li>
   <li><uicontrol>Share:</uicontrol> Opens a Share modal, which allows you to share to Facebook or
    Twitter, edit the text, and include a permalink to the content itself.</li>
   <li><uicontrol>Feature:</uicontrol> Features the content.</li>
  </ul>
  <section id="section_blk_ccj_h1b">
   <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
   <ul id="ul_qzp_ccj_h1b">
    <li><xref href="c_chat_app.dita#c_chat_app">Chat</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_reviews_app.dita#c_reviews_app">Reviews</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_sidenotes_app.dita#c_sidenotes_app">Sidenotes</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_storify2.dita#c_storify2">Storify 2</xref></li>
   </ul>
   <p>For more information about other moderation options, see <xref
     href="c_about_moderation.dita#c_about_moderation"/>.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_yrr_b5b_2cb">
   <title>ModQ</title>
   <p>You can use the ModQ to moderate content. For more information on how to moderate content
    using ModQ, see <xref href="c_modq_comp.dita#topic_lf1_4tb_2cb"/></p>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
