<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_mobile_sdks">
 <title>Mobile SDKs</title>
 <shortdesc>Add Livefyre to your native mobile apps.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
 <conbody>
    <p>There are several options available for mobile implementations, depending on the extent of
      customization you plan to make:</p>
    <ul id="ul_agw_p2l_wz">
      <li>Mobile Web Apps</li>
      <li>Livefyre Android or iOS SDKs</li>
      <li>HTTP APIs</li>
    </ul>
    <section id="section_t2k_vpb_11b">
      <title>Mobile Web Apps</title>
      <p>Customers that open a web page on a mobile device automatically get a Livefyre content
        stream that’s optimized for mobile, including styling to fit the reduced screen size and
        modifications to handle touch events.</p>
      <note>When using a Livefyre App in an Android WebView, the Android <xref
          href="https://developer.android.com/reference/android/webkit/WebSettings.html"
          format="html" scope="external">WebSettings.setDomStorageEnabled</xref> parameter must be
        set to true. If localStorage is not enabled, Livefyre will not be able to log a user into
        the Livefyre App.</note>
      <p>To optimize for mobile, Livefyre limits the Comments, Live Blog, and Chat App feature set
        to include:</p>
      <table id="table_bgw_p2l_wz">
        <tgroup cols="2">
          <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
          <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <ul id="ul_cgw_p2l_wz">
                  <li>Post</li>
                  <li>Edit</li>
                  <li>Flag</li>
                  <li>Like</li>
                  <li>Reply</li>
                  <li>Listener Count</li>
                </ul>
              </entry>
              <entry>
                <ul id="ul_dgw_p2l_wz">
                  <li>Comment Count</li>
                  <li>Inline Pending Moderation</li>
                  <li>Hovercards*</li>
                  <li>Top Comments</li>
                  <li>Hot Threads</li>
                  <li>Queue Comments</li>
                </ul>
              </entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
      <p>* In Mobile Web Apps, clicking an author’s name opens hovercard information in a new
        page.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_zdz_spb_11b">
      <title>Livefyre Android SDK or iOS SDK</title>
      <p>Livefyre also provides two mobile SDKs: an iOS SDK, and an Android SDK. These SDKs are
        wrappers around our HTTP endpoints, built to provide an easier method to send and receive
        data. No interface is provided with these SDKs, allowing greater flexibility with how the
        content is displayed and used within your mobile app.</p>
      <p>The Android and iOS SDKs support the following features for Comments, Live Blog, and
        Chat:</p>
      <table id="table_egw_p2l_wz">
        <tgroup cols="2">
          <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
          <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>iOS features:<ul id="ul_fgw_p2l_wz">
                  <li>Post</li>
                  <li>Edit</li>
                  <li>Flag</li>
                  <li>Like</li>
                  <li>Reply</li>
                  <li>Hot Threads</li>
                </ul></entry>
              <entry>Android features:<ul id="ul_ggw_p2l_wz">
                  <li>Post</li>
                  <li>Edit</li>
                  <li>Like</li>
                  <li>Reply</li>
                  <li>Hot Threads</li>
                </ul></entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
    <section id="section_yqb_qpb_11b">
      <title>HTTP APIs</title>
      <p>The HTTP APIs are the group of endpoints that allows you to create conversations and
        content on the Livefyre platform. It also powers all Livefyre out of the box streams. While
        this solution requires more development time from your engineering team, it provides greater
        flexibility when using the Livefyre product suite, and allows for native mobile
        integration.</p>
      <note importance="high"><b>Do NOT </b>create user authentication tokens within the mobile
        client, because this would require that you expose your Livefyre secret network key within
        an unsecured app. For a more robust and secure solution, see the User Authentication Tokens
        section.</note>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>
