<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_mosaic_customizations">
 <title>Mosaic Customizations</title>
 <shortdesc>Change the size, width, and interaction options of the Mosaic app.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
        <p> All Apps use <uicontrol>Style</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Config</uicontrol> options in
            the <uicontrol>App Designer</uicontrol>. See Customizing Apps for details on the
            standard <uicontrol>Style</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Config</uicontrol> options for all
            Apps in the <uicontrol>App Designer.</uicontrol></p>
        <p>You can customize Mosaic using the following additional options in the App Designer:</p>
        <ul id="ul_iq2_4jf_p1b">
            <li>
                <p>
                    <uicontrol>Content interaction</uicontrol>. Sets the style with which new
                    content will be loaded onto the page: <ul id="ul_x1t_5kf_p1b">
                        <li><uicontrol>Hover Fade</uicontrol> to fade to the other side of a card
                            when a site visitor hovers their mouse over the content.</li>
                        <li><uicontrol>Hover Flip</uicontrol> to flip to the other side of a card
                            when a site visitor hovers their mouse over the content.</li>
                        <li><uicontrol>Click</uicontrol> to display the other side of a card when a
                            site visitor clicks their mouse on the content.</li>
                    </ul></p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <uicontrol>Number of Tiles to Load</uicontrol>. The number of tiles to load in a
                Mosaic. This can affect the output display. Mosaic will not display in a grid unless
                you choose the correct number of tiles to correspond to the container width. You may
                need to adjust these for the grid to display correctly. </li>
            <li>
                <uicontrol>Hide social branding when rights granted</uicontrol>
                <p>Switch this on to remove the logo for the originating social media network
                    (Twitter or Instagram) when rights are granted for a piece of content. </p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <uicontrol>Call-to-action button </uicontrol>
                <p>You can use the Call-to-action button with a product catalog to direct users to a
                    product or to your site for further action.</p>
                <ul id="ul_mky_zxx_41b">
                    <li>
                        <uicontrol>Call-to-action button</uicontrol>
                        <p>Switch the toggle to on to display the Call-to-action button.</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <uicontrol>Require rights to display products</uicontrol>
                        <p>Switch the toggle to on to require that the content owner has granted
                            rights for the content before a Call-to-action button appears for the
                            content. </p>
                        <note>The content displays even if rights are not granted for the content,
                            but the Call-to-action button will not display with the content unless
                            rights for the content are granted.</note>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <uicontrol>Show call-to-action in tile</uicontrol>. Choose whether to
                        display the call-to-action button on a Filmstrip tile instead of displaying
                        the call-to-action button only when the site visitor clicks on a card and
                        opens the content in a larger window.</li>
                    <li>
                        <uicontrol>Call-to-action indication text</uicontrol>
                        <p>The text to display to prompt the user to click on the card to open the
                            Call-to-action modal.</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <uicontrol>Call-to-action header text</uicontrol>
                        <p>The words to display in the header above the Call-to-action button in the
                            content modal. Default wording is, "Shop these products:".</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <uicontrol>Call-to-action button text</uicontrol>
                        <p>Customize the text on the Call-to-action button. Default text is, "Buy
                            Now."</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <uicontrol>Product display options</uicontrol>
                        <p>Choose whether you want to display the <uicontrol>Photo</uicontrol> and
                            the <uicontrol>Product name</uicontrol> with the Call-to-action button.
                        </p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <uicontrol>Product URL referral tracking</uicontrol>
                        <p>Switch the toggle to on to track referrals from this App to the
                            associated product page. </p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <uicontrol>Referral tracking key-value pairs</uicontrol>
                        <p>Add parameters to further specify the referral tracking from your App
                            content to the associated product page.</p>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </li>
            <li>
                <uicontrol>Product page filter</uicontrol>.<ul id="ul_d15_k3s_mbb">
                    <li><uicontrol>Filter UGC by Product ID</uicontrol>. Select this option to
                        create one App for multiple product pages. Filter product-specific UGC to
                        the App for each product page. You can select one or more folders to
                        associate specific collections to the App.</li>
                    <li><uicontrol>Select Product folders</uicontrol>. Select the top-level product
                        folders to use to filter UGC. Use CTRL/Command + click to select more than
                        one folder. Livefyre uses the folder to determine which products in that
                        folder to display in the App on various pages.</li>
                    <li><uicontrol>Show related content</uicontrol>. Toggle this to display content
                        published to the App, but tagged with a different product ID. After the
                        product-specific content for the App displays, Livefyre displays content for
                        other products and content not associated with a product. Livefyre
                        prioritizes the content with the same product ID first, then content
                        published to the App with other product IDs, then content published to the
                        App with no product IDs.
                        <!--Question: can you publish content to the APp with no product IDs without this being on?--></li>
                </ul></li>
        </ul>
        <p>See <xref
                href="c_using_livefyre.js_to_create_customize_and_use_apps_on_your_site.dita#c_using_livefyre.js_to_create_customize_and_use_apps_on_your_site"
                >Mosaic Options</xref> for more on how to customize a Mosaic using Livefyre.js.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
