<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd"[]>
<dita>
  <concept id="c_mosaic_app">
    <title>Mosaic</title>
    <shortdesc>Add a lively and dynamic wall of color, photos, and videos to your site with a Mosaic
      App.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
      <metadata>
        <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager" />
      </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
      <p>On this page:</p>
      <ul id="ul_ejg_4d2_kcb">
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_mosaic_app/section_tng_slj_yy" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_mosaic_app/section_b5h_qlj_yy" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_mosaic_app/section_w5c_plj_yy" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_mosaic_app/section_cvz_nlj_yy" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_mosaic_app/section_zzz_mlj_yy" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_mosaic_app/section_hpx_llj_yy" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_mosaic_app/section_f4w_klj_yy" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_mosaic_app/section_h31_klj_yy" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_mosaic_app/section_i5c_jlj_yy" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_mosaic_app/section_upr_hlj_yy" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_mosaic_app/section_dwb_glj_yy" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_mosaic_app/section_lnv_clj_yy" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#mosaic" format="dita" />
        </li>
      </ul>
      <p>Mosaic transforms user-generated content into a dynamic wall of color and photos, by
        displaying the latest uploaded and social media content in a uniform grid format.</p>
      <p>Site visitors can hover over a mosaic card to display text and other content information.
        Mobile and non-mobile users can expand a card to see a larger image, share content, and play
        video. As new items become available, old items are removed and placed back in the queue to
        form the perfect grid.</p>
      <section id="section_tng_slj_yy">
        <title>About Mosaic</title>
        <p>Mosaic displays the latest Livefyre and Stream content in a uniform grid display. To
          create a more seamless visual experience, content information is displayed only on
          mouse-over. As new items become available, old items are removed and placed back in the
          queue.</p>
      </section>
      <section id="section_b5h_qlj_yy">
        <title>What kind of content can I publish in a Mosaic?</title>
        <p> Supported content containing:</p>
        <ul id="ul_wqf_wng_sy">
          <li>Photos</li>
          <li>Videos</li>
        </ul>
        <p>Supported content sources:</p>
        <ul id="ul_xqf_wng_sy">
          <li>Twitter</li>
          <li>Instagram</li>
          <li>Facebook</li>
          <li>YouTube</li>
          <li>RSS</li>
          <li>Tumblr</li>
          <li>Livefyre</li>
          <li>Weibo</li>
        </ul>
        <p>You cannot publish content containing text only to a Mosaic unless it is part of a photo
          or video post.</p>
      </section>
      <section id="section_w5c_plj_yy">
        <title>How does a site visitor see content in a Mosaic?</title>
        <p>A site visitor sees content populated into a Mosaic from Studio from a Studio Stream or
          Social Search. If new content is published to the app while a site visitor is on the page,
          the new content displays immediately and pushes the old content down in real time without
          a user having to refresh their page.</p>
      </section>
      <section id="section_cvz_nlj_yy">
        <title>What happens when a site visitor clicks on an item in a Mosaic?</title>
        <ul id="ul_yqf_wng_sy">
          <li>On a desktop you can hover over the card to flip it and show an expand icon. Click on
            the expand icon to view a larger image, watch a video, or see multiple media items in
            the content.</li>
          <li>On a mobile device you can click on a card to view a larger image, watch a video, or
            see multiple media items in the content.</li>
        </ul>
      </section>
      <section id="section_zzz_mlj_yy">
        <title>Can a site visitor share content from a Mosaic?</title>
        <p>Yes. A site visitor can share all content types on a Mosaic:</p>
        <ul id="ul_zqf_wng_sy">
          <li>On a desktop, hover over the card, then click the share icon.</li>
          <li>On a mobile device, click on a card to open it and click the share icon.</li>
        </ul>
      </section>
      <section id="section_hpx_llj_yy">
        <title>How often do the pieces rotate through the cards?</title>
        <p>One new piece of content is added every 10 seconds.</p>
      </section>
      <section id="section_f4w_klj_yy">
        <title>How does new content get added to a Mosaic?</title>
        <p>Add content to a Mosaic by:</p>
        <ul id="ul_arf_wng_sy">
          <li>Publishing manually from Library.</li>
          <li>Setting up a stream to publish automatically.</li>
          <li>Using the upload button, if enabled.</li>
        </ul>
      </section>
      <section id="section_h31_klj_yy">
        <title>How does text only content show in the app?</title>
        <p>Mosaic does not display text-only content. Mosaic displays images and videos only.</p>
      </section>
      <section id="section_i5c_jlj_yy">
        <title>Why do I sometimes I see gray boxes in a Mosaic?</title>
        <p>Mosaic works best with a collection that constantly has new content. If your App has less
          than 25 pieces of content, you will see gray boxes to make up the additional spots. Fill
          the Mosaic up with more content to prevent the gray boxes from displaying. Plan to put at
          least 32 pieces of content in the App for it to display as designed.</p>
      </section>
      <section id="section_upr_hlj_yy">
        <title>Why does some of my content not show up on my site even though the content displays
          in Studio?</title>
        <p>Mosaic displays content in a perfect grid. If you have 25 pieces of content, your
          container width must fit five pieces of content for all 25 pieces of content to appear:
          five across and five down.</p>
        <p>If your container width only fits four to make a perfect grid, but you have 25 pieces of
          content, Mosaic classifies the extra one piece of content as an outlier and does not
          display it in the App. The one outlier piece of content does not rotate in because
          technically it is on the app, but not displayed. If your container width fits seven, only
          21 will show, since four are outliers and will not form the perfect grid. </p>
        <p>Sometimes content doesn't display because you turned on <uicontrol>Require
            rights</uicontrol>. If you turn this on, you are required to have rights granted for all
          content in the App. If the rights status is not "granted" for a piece of content, it will
          not display in the App.</p>
      </section>
      <section id="section_dwb_glj_yy">
        <title>Create Mosaic Using Studio</title>You can create all
        Apps in Livefyre Studio the same way. See Creating Apps for details on how to create a
        Mosaic App in Studio using the standard process.</section>
      <section id="section_lnv_clj_yy">
        <title>Localize a Mosaic</title>
        <p>Localization is available for Mosaic. You can:</p>
        <ul id="ul_crf_wng_sy">
          <li>Change strings available for Mosaic</li>
          <li>Create and modify a translation set for Mosaic</li>
          <li>Apply a Translation Set to a Site</li>
          <li>Apply a Translation Set to a Network</li>
        </ul>
      </section>
    </conbody>
  </concept>
</dita>