<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_navigation_guide">
 <title>Navigation Guide</title>
 <shortdesc>The Navigation Guide provides your audience with a way to quickly identify and locate
  key information in the Storify.</shortdesc>
 <prolog>
  <metadata>
   <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
  </metadata>
 </prolog>
 <conbody>
  <p>A Navigation Guide can be added to your Storify 2 application to create a list of permalinked
   posts in a prominent location next to your story. </p>
  <p>To add a Navigation Guide to your Storify, turn it on in App Designer. Choose the number of
   post highlights to display in the Navigation Guide and the location of the Navigation Guide. You
   must create a header for each Storify post for it to display in the Navigation Guide.</p>
  <p>Use the <uicontrol>Navigation Guide</uicontrol> toggle in the <uicontrol>App
    Designer</uicontrol> to turn the Navigation Guide on or off. The Navigation Guide can take up to
   5 minutes to display after you turn it on and for posts to display or stop displaying in the
   guide. </p>
  <p>Enter a title for the Navigation Guide.</p>
  <p>Use the field <uicontrol>Max Number of Guide Posts</uicontrol> to set the maximum number of
   posts to add to the Navigation Guide. The default number of posts is 10. If you choose less than
   10, the Navigation Guide automatically adjusts the size to fit the space.</p>
  <ul id="ul_edv_w2x_qy">
   <li>If you pin a post, the pinned post will always be the first in the Navigation Guide.</li>
   <li>Add a new post to the Navigation Guide by adding a header to a Storify 2 post and selecting
    the Navigation Guide icon on the post.</li>
   <li>When you add a new post to the Navigation Guide, the post fits into the existing Navigation
    Guide structure in the order the posts appear in the story.</li>
   <li>If you select more posts to display in the Navigation Guide than the Max Number of Guide
    Posts, then the last post on the Navigation Guide list is removed.</li>
  </ul>
  <p>Use the field <uicontrol>Orientation</uicontrol> to determine the placement of the Navigation
   Guide: top, left, or right.</p>
  <ul id="ul_fdv_w2x_qy">
   <li>Choose <uicontrol>top</uicontrol> orientation to place the Navigation Guide at the top of the
    Storify 2. You will not see the Navigation Guide when you scroll down the page even if you turn
    on the Stickiness field.</li>
   <li>Choose <uicontrol>left</uicontrol> orientation to place the Navigation Guide in the left
    sidebar inside the Storify 2. You will not see the Navigation Guide when you scroll down the
    page unless you turn on the Stickiness field. If you turn on the Stickiness field, you will
    always see the Navigation Guide to the left of the page while scrolling.</li>
   <li>Choose the <uicontrol>right</uicontrol> orientation to place the Navigation Guide to the
    right of the Storify 2. You will not see the Navigation Guide when you scroll down the page
    unless you turn on the Stickiness field. If you turn on the Stickiness field, you will always
    see the Navigation Guide to the right of the page while scrolling.</li>
  </ul>
  <p>Use the field <uicontrol>Stickiness</uicontrol> to keep the Navigation Guide sticking to the
   top of the screen. Sticky means that the Navigation Guide stays at the top of the screen no
   matter where you are on a page on which Storify 2 is embedded. </p>
  <p>Use the field <uicontrol>App Embed</uicontrol> to determine the location of the Navigation
   Guide to live inside the page container with the Storify or outside it.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
