<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd"[]>
<dita>
  <concept id="c_notifications_features">
    <title>Notifications Features</title>
    <shortdesc>You can set up several different types of notifications for site visitors and
      Livefyre Moderators to use to interact with the end user.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
      <metadata>
        <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager" />
      </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
      <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">c_notifications_features.dita</draft-comment>
      <p>On this page:<ul id="ul_uyx_rff_kcb"><li><xref href="#c_comment_notifier" format="dita" /></li><li><xref href="#c_email_notifications" format="dita" /></li><li><xref href="#c_email_notifications/section_jxb_c5k_yy" format="dita" /></li><li><xref href="#t_set_up_network_email" format="dita" /></li></ul></p>
    </conbody>
    <concept id="c_comment_notifier">
      <title>Comment Notifier</title>
      <shortdesc>Allows you to enable a small popup on the page to notify users when a comment has
        been added.</shortdesc>
      <conbody>
        <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">c_comment_notifier.dita</draft-comment>
        <p>The Comment Notifier is a small popup at the bottom right of the page, that notifies
          users on the page of new activity in the stream by displaying the first few words of the
          comment with the Avatar for its author. (Notifiers are not available for Top Comments, Hot
          Threads, or Queued Comments.)</p>
        <section id="section_ut2_lvx_vy">
          <title>Comment Notifier Features</title>
          <p>The comment notifier increases user engagement by surfacing activity happening on the
            page, no matter where on the page the user is currently engaged, encouraging them to
            click on new comments, and respond.</p>
          <p>The notifier includes a preview of the latest comment, and the user’s avatar to the
            left of text. The total count of new comments is displayed in the toolbar underneath,
            and this number increments with more posts in the stream. If there are 2 or more new
            comments above or below the user’s current view of the stream, a scroll bar will appear
            within the notifier, allowing the user to scroll and view snippets of all other new
            comments.</p>
          <p>Click the preview of a new comment to jump to the location of that comment in the
            stream. Click the number of new comments to expand the pane to show a preview of each
            unread comment.</p>
          <p>The notifier disappears after all new comments have been viewed, and reappears when a
            new comment appears above or below the user’s current view of the stream.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_cmy_cvx_vy">
          <title>Hiding the Comment Notifier</title>
          <p>Click the <uicontrol>x</uicontrol> in the right corner of the <uicontrol>New
              Comments</uicontrol> bar to close the notifier for the page. Refresh the page, and the
            notifier will reappear.</p>
          <p>Hide the notifier widget across your entire network using CSS Customizations.</p>
          <note>The comment notifier is not available on mobile devices.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="section_blk_ccj_h1b">
          <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
          <ul id="ul_qzp_ccj_h1b">
            <li>
              <xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </section>
      </conbody>
    </concept>
    <concept id="c_email_notifications">
      <title>Email Notifications</title>
      <shortdesc>Allow users to select their notification frequency and content.</shortdesc>
      <conbody>
        <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">c_email_notifications.dita</draft-comment>
        <p>
          <b>Enable email notifications for your users and moderators.</b>
        </p>
        <p>Livefyre Apps allow you to enable email notifications for your users and moderators,
          based on specific actions. Notifications are based upon the time when content is posted to
          the stream, allowing your users to remain engaged in conversations that they care about,
          and to be notified when someone likes or replies to one of their comments.</p>
        <p>Users and Moderators may opt in or out of email notification, and may set the frequency
          with which emails are received. This section describes how to configure and customize
          these email notifications.</p>
        <ul id="ul_k1c_qzj_yy">
          <li>User Email Options: available user notification options.</li>
          <li>Moderator Email Options: available moderator notification options.</li>
          <li>Livefyre Identity Emails Options: emails sent as part of Livefyre Identity. These
            emails are only relevant for Livefyre Identity Customers. </li>
          <li>Data Sync with Livefyre: maintaining preferences sync with Livefyre.</li>
          <li>Customizing Emails: available email customizations.</li>
        </ul>
        <p>Use the Settings &gt; Integration Settings &gt; Email Notification Setup options to customize
          email notifications for your network.</p>
        <note>To ensure that your end users do not receive unintended mail, no email notifications
          are sent from the Livefyre UAT environment.</note>
        <p>
          <b>User Email Options</b>
        </p>
        <p>Livefyre allows you to enable users to receive email notifications of site activity. Use
          the Livefyre-provided User Profile integration settings to allow users to select their
          preferences for notification schedules.</p>
        <note>Emails are sent only for content posted manually into the stream, and not for content
          pulled from SocialSync or Curate.</note>
        <p>To allow users to set their notification preferences, include an Email Notification
          section in the User Settings for your user profile system. Add the corresponding fields to
          your user profile database schema, then manage your user settings using Ping for Pull.
          (Work with your Technical Integration Manager to define default frequencies for your
          network. If you are an Enterprise Profiles customer, pass your selected defaults to your
          Livefyre delivery team for configuration in the Livefyre database.)</p>
        <p>Users on your site can then follow a conversation and begin receiving email notifications
          by clicking the <uicontrol>+Follow</uicontrol> button on the comment editor. Notification
          preferences are defined at the Livefyre network level. Any user settings will apply to all
          sites and conversations across your network.</p>
        <p>
          <b>Recommended Defaults</b>
        </p>
        <ul id="ul_l1c_qzj_yy">
          <li>Someone comments in a conversation I’m following: <b>hourly digest</b></li>
          <li>Someone likes one of my comments: <b>hourly digest</b></li>
          <li>Someone replies to one of my comments: <b>immediately</b></li>
          <li>Auto-follow conversations when I leave a comment: <b>off</b> (unchecked)</li>
        </ul>
        <p>
          <b>Note</b>: Email notifications are based upon the time content is approved for
          inclusion in the stream.</p>
        <p>Livefyre offers two email frequency options:</p>
        <ul id="ul_m1c_qzj_yy">
          <li>Immediately</li>
          <li>Hourly Digest</li>
        </ul>
        <p>
          <b>Immediately</b>
        </p>
        <p>Emails sent immediately display the post’s text, article title, author’s username, and a
            <b>Reply</b> link which takes the user to the content on the page. These emails also
          include an <b>unsubscribe</b> link in the footer, allowing users to unsubscribe from email
          notifications for that Collection. Clicking <b>unsubscribe </b>will take them to a
          confirmation page letting them know that they have been unsubscribed from the
          Collection.</p>
        <p>
          <b>Hourly Digest</b>
        </p>
        <p>Emails sent in an hourly digest display all content, replies to content, and likes on the
          content within the last hour (or so) per Collection that the user is following. If the
          user is following multiple Collections across your network, they will receive one digest
          email for each Collection.</p>
        <note>In conversations without new content for more than several hours, users with hourly
          digest enabled will receive notice immediately upon a new content post.</note>
        <p>
          <b>Moderator Email Options</b>
        </p>
        <p>Moderators can opt in to receive emails for content posted in a Collection they are
          following, and for comments flagged Spam or Offensive in a Collection they are moderating.
            <b>Note: </b>No emails will be sent when users flag a comment with Disagree or
          Off-Topic, as these categories are not deemed important for moderator notification.</p>
        <p>The moderator_comments and moderator_flags fields should also be added to your moderator
          user profile settings page database schema to allow your moderators to update the
          frequency of their email notifications, and opt out if they wish. Livefyre recommends that
          you set these two moderator email notification fields to <b>never</b>. Options include
            <b>never</b> (default), <b>immediately</b>, and <b>often</b>.</p>
        <p>
          <b>Moderator Email (flagged content): </b>
        </p>
        <p>When content is flagged in a moderated Collection, the email sent to the moderator will
          display the content that was flagged, the username who flagged the content, and a link
          back to the content page.</p>
        <p>When a user changes their email notification preferences on your site in your profile
          system, sync the update to the Livefyre remote profile system using Livefyre’s Ping for
          Pull.</p>
        <p>
          <b>Data Sync with Livefyre</b>
        </p>
        <section id="section_jxb_c5k_yy">
          <title>Customizing Emails</title>
          <p>Several fields in the email notification templates may be changed to fit your style and
            brand.</p>
          <ul id="ul_vnv_g5k_yy">
            <li>
              <p>
                <uicontrol>From Email Address</uicontrol>
              </p>
              <p>The “from email address” for all email notifications may be customized to be
                consistent with your brand. Livefyre recommends <b>noreply@customerdomain.com</b>,
                replacing <b>customerdomain</b>with your domain name. (The default is
                  <b>noreply@livefyre.com</b>.) Please pass your preferred “from email address” to
                your Technical Integration Manager for configuration in the Livefyre database for
                your network.</p>
              <note>Leave this field blank to disable email notifications for your network</note>
            </li>
            <li>
              <p>
                <uicontrol>Email Logo</uicontrol>
              </p>
              <p>The logo displayed in email notifications may be customized to display your company
                logo, rather than the default Livefyre logo, using the Branding tab of the
                  <b>Network Settings</b> page of Studio. This customization is available only at
                the network level, not the site level, and is available only for paid Livefyre
                customers.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <p>
                <uicontrol>Custom Templates</uicontrol>
              </p>
              <p>It is possible to implement a fully customized email template if you wish. However,
                this will require some development effort and may incur professional services costs.
                Please contact your Account Manager for details.</p>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </section>
        <section id="section_blk_ccj_h1b">
          <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
          <ul id="ul_qzp_ccj_h1b">
            <li>
              <xref href="c_carousel_app.dita#c_carousel_app">Carousel</xref>
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref>
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="c_feature_card_app.dita#c_feature_card_app">Feature Card</xref>
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="c_media_wall_app.dita#c_media_wall_app">Media Wall</xref>
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="c_reviews_app.dita#c_reviews_app">Reviews</xref>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </section>
      </conbody>
    </concept>
    <task id="t_set_up_network_email">
      <title>Set up Network Email</title>
      <shortdesc>Customize available email notification fields.</shortdesc>
      <taskbody>
        <context id="context_bjz_4lk_mbb">
          <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">t_set_up_network_email.dita</draft-comment>
          <p>
            <b>Email Notification Setup</b>
          </p>
          <ul id="ul_y4b_rrk_yy">
            <li />
            <li>
              <b>Logo for Email: </b>select the file that will be used as the logo in customer
              email notifications.</li>
            <li>
              <b>Email From: </b>enter the email address that will appear in the From field.
                (<b>Note: </b>If this field is blank, no email notifications will be sent.)</li>
            <li>
              <b>Email Display Name: </b>enter the name that will appear in place of your email
              address in comment email notifications.</li>
          </ul>
        </context>
      </taskbody>
    </task>
  </concept>
</dita>