<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_permalinks">
 <title>Permalinks</title>
 <shortdesc>Use your bit.ly URL shortener to customize content permalinks.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>Permalinks allow you to link to archived comments or content within your streams. To enable
   this feature, Livefyre uses a default URL format: <b>fyre.it</b>. This format may be customized
   to match your standard bit.ly format.</p>
  <section id="section_mxd_wwg_wy">
   <title>Permalink display</title>
   <p>If users click a permalink from a social network to a Livefyre content app, they will be taken
    to the Livefyre content stream. The content will be displayed in a breakout view of the stream,
    just below the editor, with full context displayed. A blue line will be shown below the avatar
    for the permalinked content. (This blue line will disappear after a few seconds.)</p>
   <p>(If permalinked content is deleted, a message to that effect will be displayed in the breakout
    view.)</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_uyn_5wg_wy">
   <title>Custom Permalinks</title>
   <p>If you wish to create custom permalinks for comments when sharing conversations, you may use
    your Bitly account, rather than the standard Livefyre shortened URL (fyre.it). Using your Bitly
    account will help remind users that they will be visiting content on your site when clicking on
    a permalink.</p>
   <p>To implement this feature, go to <uicontrol>Studio > Settings > Integration Settings > Social
     Sharing</uicontrol>, and enter your Bitly API Key and username.</p>
   <note>To avoid unnecessary URLs created on your behalf, Bitly permalinks are generated on an
    as-needed basis.</note>
      <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
      <ul id="ul_hdl_l4h_h1b">
        <li><xref href="c_carousel_app.dita#c_carousel_app">Carousel</xref></li>
        <li><xref href="c_chat_app.dita#c_chat_app">Chat</xref></li>
        <li><xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref></li>
        <li><xref href="c_feature_card_app.dita#c_feature_card_app">Feature Card</xref></li>
        <li><xref href="c_map_app.dita#c_map_app">Map</xref></li>
        <li><xref href="c_media_wall_app.dita#c_media_wall_app">Media Wall</xref></li>
        <li><xref href="c_mosaic_app.dita#c_mosaic_app">Mosaic</xref></li>
        <li><xref href="c_reviews_app.dita#c_reviews_app">Reviews</xref></li>
        <li><xref href="c_sidenotes_app.dita#c_sidenotes_app">Sidenotes</xref></li>
        <li><xref href="c_storify2.dita#c_storify2">Storify 2</xref></li>
      </ul>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
