<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_profanity_filter">
 <title>Using the Profanity Filter</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
 <conbody>
  <p>All content posted into a Livefyre App is checked for profanity. If a word included in the
      profanity list is found in content or in a user’s display name, that content will be flagged
      “Profanity,” allowing you to filter it for Premoderation, Rules, ModQ, or general searches in
      App Content.</p>
  <note>Studio Administrators’ and Managers’ content is not subject to the Profanity Rule check, and
   content posted by a Moderator will not be flagged.</note>
  <p>Livefyre provides a default profanity list. You may choose to apply this list at the network
   level, provide your own list, or use an aggregate of the two. Individual sites within your
   network may inherit the network Profanity List, or use a list customized to be site-specific.</p>
  <p>To provide your own custom profanity list as your network default, please send it to your
      Livefyre account manager.</p>
  <section id="section_yqc_qsk_f1b">
   <title>Enabling Profanity Filtering</title>
   <p>Enable and configure the profanity filter at both the network and site level. Disable the
    profanity filter at the network level to automatically disable the profanity filter for all
    sites that inherit from the network.</p>
   <note>All content passing through Livefyre is checked for profanity. If content is found which
    includes words contained on the default SAFE profanity list or in your custom Profanity list, it
    is flagged “Profanity.” To set Livefyre to automatically take action on these items, turn
     <uicontrol>Enable Profanity Checking</uicontrol> to <uicontrol>ON</uicontrol>.</note>
   <!--This doesn't make sense? Does this mean to turn it on if you want Livefyre to automatically flag it? Or to take action like bozo/delete, etc? Which "action" does Livefyre take? HRK 8/1/17-->
  </section>
  <section id="section_twd_ssk_f1b">
   <title>Enable the Profanity Filter for a Network</title>
   <ol id="ol_zq4_tsk_f1b">
    <li>Select <uicontrol>Network</uicontrol> from the network pulldown menu.</li>
    <li>Go to <uicontrol>Settings > Network Settings > Moderation</uicontrol>.</li>
    <li>Scroll down to the <uicontrol>Profanity List</uicontrol>, and set <uicontrol>Enable
      Profanity Checking</uicontrol> to <uicontrol>ON</uicontrol>.</li>
    <li>Use the <uicontrol>Update Network Profanity List</uicontrol> field to add words to the list,
     or click a word to remove it from the list.</li>
   </ol>
   <note>Editing the network level Profanity List will not affect any site-level Lists already in
    place. To ensure that changes from the network are made to the site, select <uicontrol>Restore
     Network List</uicontrol> for the site after the changes have been made.</note>
  </section>
  <section id="section_fld_wsk_f1b">
   <title>Enable the Profanity Filter for a Site</title>
   <ol id="ol_t32_xsk_f1b">
    <li>Select the site from the network pulldown menu.</li>
    <li>Go to <uicontrol>Settings > Site Settings > Moderation</uicontrol>.</li>
    <li>Scroll down to the <uicontrol>Profanity List</uicontrol> and set <uicontrol>Enable Profanity
      Checking</uicontrol> to <uicontrol>ON</uicontrol>.</li>
    <li>
     <p>Choose one of the following options:</p>
     <ul id="ul_yhh_31d_t1b">
      <li>To inherit the Profanity List from the network (this is not common), set<uicontrol>Use
        Site Profanity List</uicontrol> to <uicontrol>OFF</uicontrol>. </li>
      <li>To edit the Profanity List specifically for the site, set<uicontrol>Use Site Profanity
        List</uicontrol> to <uicontrol>On</uicontrol> to open the <uicontrol>Update Profanity
        List</uicontrol> field, where you can edit the list:<ul id="ul_pq1_dbd_t1b">
        <li>To remove a word, click on the word.</li>
        <li>To add a word, type the word into the <uicontrol>Add new word</uicontrol> box and hit
          <uicontrol>Return</uicontrol>.</li>
        <li>To see if a word is included in the list, type the word into the <uicontrol>Test
          profanity filter</uicontrol> box.</li>
       </ul></li>
      <li>To reimport the network Profanity List and apply it to the site, click <uicontrol>Restore
        Network List</uicontrol>.</li>
      <li>To clear all content from the list and start from scratch, click <uicontrol>Clear
        List</uicontrol>.</li>
     </ul>
    </li>
   </ol>
  </section>
  <section id="section_epy_dtk_f1b">
   <title>Working with Content that Contains Profanity</title>
   <p>Use the Profanity List to help filter your content searches and to create Premoderation Rules
    for ModQ.</p>
   <p>To search for content containing profanity, go to <uicontrol>Library > App
    Content</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>Filter by Flags</uicontrol> and check the
     <uicontrol>Profanity</uicontrol> checkbox. All content that has been caught by the Profanity
    Filter for the site or network selected will be displayed. This list will include content pulled
    into the App using SocialSync and Streams.</p>
   <p>To create Premoderation rules, from Studio select <uicontrol>Settings > Network Settings >
          Moderation</uicontrol>. Once the profanity filter has been enabled, a new rule will
        appear, allowing you to Flag or Premoderate content containing profanity. By default, this
        rule automatically enables <uicontrol>Premoderate</uicontrol> for profane content, which may
        be changed to either <uicontrol>Trash it</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Bozo it</uicontrol>.</p>
   <note>If a single piece of content is subject to multiple rule types (such as both SAFE and Flag
    rules), the more stringent will be applied. For example: If your Premoderation rule says to
    Premoderate a piece of content, but a SAFE Rule says to Trash it, it will be Trashed.</note>
  </section>
  <section id="section_qdb_btk_f1b">
   <title>View and Update the Profanity List for a Network</title>
   <ol id="ol_xcx_btk_f1b">
    <li>Go to <uicontrol>Settings > Network Settings > Moderation</uicontrol>.</li>
    <li>Scroll down to the <uicontrol>Profanity List</uicontrol> section.</li>
    <li>Set <uicontrol>Enable Profanity Checking</uicontrol> to <uicontrol>On </uicontrol>to display
     the List enabled for your network (Livefyre default, or your uploaded custom list) and edit it.
     You can edit the list in the following ways:<ul id="ul_wmp_1bd_t1b">
      <li>To remove a word, click on the word.</li>
      <li>To add a word, type the word into the <uicontrol>Add new word</uicontrol> box and hit
        <uicontrol>Return</uicontrol>.</li>
      <li>To see if a word is included in the list, type the word into the <uicontrol>Test profanity
        filter</uicontrol> box.</li>
     </ul></li>
   </ol>
   <note>Only Studio Administrators and Moderators can edit Profanity Lists.</note>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
