<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_privacy_request_faqs">
    <title>Privacy Request FAQs</title>
    <shortdesc>Answers to Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) about GDPR-Ready Privacy
        Requests.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
        <ul id="ul_nml_sv4_2db">
            <li><b>How can site visitors opt out of being tracked on a site that uses Livefyre
                    Apps?</b><p>When a site visitor opts out, the customer implementation must
                    indicate to Livefyre that the user has opted out before instantiating an App.
                    Livefyre has created a way to do this with the JavaScript option,
                        <codeph>userPrivacyOptOut</codeph>. For more on how to use
                        <codeph>userPrivacyOptOut</codeph>, see <xref
                        href="c_userprivacyoptout.dita#c_userprivacyoptout"/>.</p><p>When the
                        <codeph>userPrivacyOptOut</codeph> flag is set to true, any Apps on the page
                    will not transmit data to Livefyre servers by using cookies or another method.
                    Livefyre will then not update local storage with data that could be used to
                    track site visitors. If a source doesn't support a proxy, then Livefyre displays
                    a mask on the content unless a user clicks on the video and approves the
                    potential tracking from that source.</p><p>If you use Livefyre Identity, users
                    can choose to delete their profile or create a report of data tracked for their
                    user account.</p></li>
            <li><b>How do I prevent collecting future content from a site visitor who has opted
                    out?</b><p>Use <codeph>userPrivacyOptOut</codeph> with
                        <codeph>livefyre.js</codeph> on a webpage that uses Livefyre Apps. For more
                    on <codeph>userPrivacyOptOut</codeph>, see <xref
                        href="c_userprivacyoptout.dita#c_userprivacyoptout"/>.</p></li>
            <li><b>How do I generate a report and delete the data for App Users or owners of social
                    accounts?</b><p><xref href="c_privacy_requests.dita#c_privacy_requests"/> to
                    generate a report and delete user data from Apps.</p></li>
            <li><b>How do I remove all content for a visitor?</b><p>Livefyre does not maintain
                    persistent information about site visitors, except in the form of cookies to
                    uniquely identify them for Livecount features. Livecount is a transient and real
                    time count of visitors on the site. No history is retained after the visitor
                    leaves or clears cookies. </p><p><xref
                        href="c_privacy_requests.dita#c_privacy_requests"/> to delete the account.
                    Livefyre deletes or makes the user profile and any associated records anonymous.
                </p></li>
            <li><b>How do I remove content for a registered user?</b><p><xref
                        href="c_privacy_requests.dita#c_privacy_requests"/> to delete the account.
                    The user profile and any associated records will be completely destroyed.
                        <note>This action cannot be undone.</note></p></li>
            <li><b>How do I produce a report of data tracked of a current or former
                        employee?</b><p><xref
                        href="c_view_a_privacy_report.dita#c_view_a_privacy_report"/> to generate a
                    report of data tracked for a user account.</p></li>
        </ul>
    </conbody>
</concept>
