<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_rn_2017_february_23">
 <title>February 23, 2017</title>
 <shortdesc>Release Notes for the February 23, 2017 release.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <table id="table_rcr_crx_1z">
   <title>Production Release</title>
   <tgroup cols="3">
    <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
    <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
    <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3"/>
    <thead><row>
     <entry><b>Issue Type</b></entry>
     <entry><b>Component</b></entry>
     <entry><b>Release Note</b></entry>
    </row></thead>
    <tbody>
     <row>
      <entry>Enhancement</entry>
      <entry>Android SDK</entry>
      <entry>Re-organized the Android SDK to ensure that example and reference implementation
       directories are more clearly identifiable by their location.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Enhancement</entry>
      <entry>Android SDK</entry>
      <entry>Android SDK modified to now support a minimum SDK version of 14 (down from 16).</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Conversation Apps</entry>
      <entry>Enhanced Conversation Apps to always link out to user profiles, even without a full
       auth integration.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Mosaic</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug that now serves all Twitter images via HTTPS.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Enhancement</entry>
      <entry>Search and Streams</entry>
      <entry>Added the ability to search by Instagram Places (check-in’s) in Library Instagram
       Search and Instagram Stream Rules.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Settings</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug that prevented Twitter Social Accounts from saving.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Social Search</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug that prevented the “Conceal explicit images” option from functioning
       properly.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Enhancement</entry>
      <entry>Storify 2</entry>
      <entry>Enhanced Storify 2 to support permalinks opening a modal (previously the app would
       scroll to the post location on the page). In Storify 2’s Designer, we have added a
       configuration to toggle between Scroll and Modal permalink behavior. Modal permalink behavior
       will be default behavior.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Enhancement</entry>
      <entry>Storify 2</entry>
      <entry>Enhanced the Storify 2 Google AMP integration to produce a smaller CSS file.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Enhancement</entry>
      <entry>Streams</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug with Facebook rules that was causing content to be pulled in with
       incomplete metadata.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Streams</entry>
      <entry>Enhanced content (images and videos) from Email Stream Rules to be available via
       HTTPS.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Streams</entry>
      <entry>Added a label for the Mile Radius Value in maps in Twitter Stream Rules.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Streams</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug with Facebook and Facebook Page Steam Rules to pull in posts with multiple
       media attachments appropriately.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Enhancement</entry>
      <entry>Streams</entry>
      <entry>Added a new feature to allow users to choose to apply or disable SAFE rules per stream
       rule.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Enhancement</entry>
      <entry>Studio</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug that was causing content to not publish or save correctly if it already
       existed.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Studio</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug that caused multiple &amp;’s from getting appended to the url when using
       filters in Studio.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Studio</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug that prevented certain checkboxes in Studio filters from allowing to be
       unchecked.</entry>
     </row>
    </tbody>
   </tgroup>
  </table>
  <table id="table_scr_crx_1z">
   <title>UAT Release</title>
   <tgroup cols="3">
    <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
    <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
    <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3"/>
    <thead><row>
     <entry><b>Issue Type</b></entry>
     <entry><b>Component</b></entry>
     <entry><b>Release Note</b></entry>
    </row></thead>
    <tbody>
     
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Apps</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug to show content in media modals with the correct aspect ratios.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Media Wall</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug that was caused Media Walls to not render if specific foreign characters
       were included.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Search</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug that was causing pages to load incorrectly when paging through search
       results with “Conceal explicit images” enabled.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Enhancement</entry>
      <entry>Studio</entry>
      <entry>Increased session time before expiring Studio User login sessions . Once a Studio
       session expires the user will be redirected to log in again.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Studio</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug that was sometimes preventing users from saving Instagram
       credentials.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Studio</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug that was preventing the “Feature Tag” to save correctly when
       applied.</entry>
     </row>
    </tbody>
   </tgroup>
  </table>
 </conbody>
</concept>
