<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept id="c_rn_2018_may_10">
  <title>May 10, 2018</title>
  <shortdesc>Release Notes for the May 10, 2018 release.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <section id="section_syx_mdt_wcb">
      <title>New Features</title>
      <p>The following features are new in the production version of this release:</p>
      <p><b>Privacy Requests (GDPR-ready)</b>. The following new features were added to Livefyre to
        allow users to generate access reports and to accommodate delete, opt-out, and opt-in
          requests:<ul id="ul_vj3_tkl_tdb">
          <li><b>New Privacy tab in Settings.</b> You can use this tab to generate and view reports
            for users on whwhat personal data has been collected about them and provided to
            Livefyre. You can also generate opt-in and opt-out requests and delete accounts and all
            personal data associated with an account.</li>
          <!--  <li><b>New Privacy tab under Livefyre Identity.</b> Allow registered users to submit a
            request to access their data or delete their account. When registered users submit a
            data request, Livefyre generates a report and sends an email with the report link to the
            email address on file.</li> -->
          <li>
            <p><b>Javascript Flags.</b> You can use Javascript flags to avoid tracking site visitors
              and add custom privacy text to video masks. </p>
            <ul id="ul_sjt_tql_tdb">
              <li>
                <p>When a site visitor opts out, the customer implementation must indicate to
                  Livefyre that the user has opted out before instantiating an App. Livefyre has
                  created a way to do this with the JavaScript option,
                    <codeph>userPrivacyOptOut</codeph>. For more on how to use
                    <codeph>userPrivacyOptOut</codeph>, see <xref
                    href="c_gdpr_compliance.dita#concept_q1l_r5s_rcb/section_nmz_q3n_3db"/>.</p>
                <p>When the <codeph>userPrivacyOptOut</codeph> flag is set to true, any Apps on the
                  page will not transmit data to Livefyre servers by using cookies or another
                  method. Livefyre will then not update local storage with data that could be used
                  to track site visitors. If a source doesn't support a proxy, then Livefyre
                  displays a mask on the content unless a user clicks on the video and approves the
                  potential tracking from that source.</p>
              </li>
              <li>You can change the warning text that displays on video masks. If a source does not
                support a proxy, then Livefyre displays this text and a mask on the content unless a
                user clicks on the video and approves the potential tracking from that source. For
                more about how to change the warning text, see <xref
                  href="c_gdpr_compliance.dita#concept_q1l_r5s_rcb/section_pb5_mnp_ldb"/>.</li>
              <li>
                <p>If you use your own custom videos and players as part of the videos that display
                  in a Livefyre visualization App, you can whitelist your video domain. Whitelisting
                  your video domain removes the video mask for your custom videos and players. For
                  more about how to whitelist a video, see <xref
                    href="c_gdpr_compliance.dita#concept_q1l_r5s_rcb/section_bzp_pnp_ldb"/>.</p>
              </li>
            </ul>
          </li>
        </ul></p>
      <p>For more information on how to generate privacy requests that are GDPR-ready, see <xref
          href="c_gdpr_compliance.dita#concept_q1l_r5s_rcb"/></p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_ehw_ndt_wcb">
      <title>Issues</title>
      <p>The issues in the following tables were resolved in this release.</p>
      <table id="table_dv2_vt3_qdb">
        <title>Production Release</title>
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
          <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
          <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <b>Issue Type</b>
              </entry>
              <entry>
                <b>Component</b>
              </entry>
              <entry>
                <b>Release Note</b>
              </entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>Enhancement</entry>
              <entry>Studio</entry>
              <entry>Introduced new features allowing users to control personal data and privacy.
                For more on the new privacy features, see <xref href="#c_rn/section_syx_mdt_wcb"
                  format="dita"/></entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
    <section>
      <table id="table_mhz_czf_5db">
        <title>UAT Release</title>
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
          <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
          <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <b>Issue Type</b>
              </entry>
              <entry>
                <b>Component</b>
              </entry>
              <entry>
                <b>Release Note</b>
              </entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>Enhancement</entry>
              <entry>Comments</entry>
              <entry>Fixed an issue where three profile labels were pointing to one user profile,
                but were not identified as pointing to the same profile.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Bug</entry>
              <entry>ModQ</entry>
              <entry>Fixed an issue where content marked by Moderation Recommendations as trashed
                was trashed, but didn't display when trying to view all content (including trashed
                content). </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Enhancement</entry>
              <entry>Studio</entry>
              <entry>Added more informative error messages for content that doesn't display because
                it has been deleted from the originating social network. </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Bug</entry>
              <entry>Studio</entry>
              <entry>Fixed an issue where moderation recommendations displayed when moderation
                recommendations were not turned on.</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>
