<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_rn_2017_january_12">
 <title>January 12, 2017</title>
 <shortdesc>Release Notes for January 12, 2017 release. </shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <section id="section_y3h_z42_wy">
   <title>Production Release</title>
   <table id="table_xwr_tl2_wy">
    <tgroup cols="3">
     <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
     <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
     <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3"/>
     <thead>
      <row>
       <entry>Issue Type</entry>
       <entry>Component</entry>
       <entry>Release Note</entry>
      </row>
     </thead>
     <tbody>
      <row>
       <entry>
        <p>Bug</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>App Content</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Fixed a bug that prevented hover options on a User Profile from functioning in App
         Content.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>
        <p>Bug</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Apps</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Fixed a bug in all apps to remove content titles for RSS content when it matches the link
         attachment title.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>
        <p>Enhancement</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Comments</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Enhanced Comments to comply with accessibility standards by providing better support for
         screen readers and making sure all interactive items can be reached with keyboard-only
         navigation.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>
        <p>Bug</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Comments</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Fixed a bug in Comments that was displaying the embed code over videos in some
         instances.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>
        <p>Enhancement</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Livefyre Identity</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Enhanced Livefyre Identity to comply with accessibility standards by providing better
         support for screen readers and making sure all interactive items can be reached with
         keyboard-only navigation.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>
        <p>Bug</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Polls</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Enhanced Polls to sharpen and improve image quality when uploaded in Designer.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>
        <p>Bug</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Reviews</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Fixed a bug that was preventing rating edits to appear appropriately.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>
        <p>Enhancement</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Rights Requests</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Added an enhancement to disallow bit.ly links from being used in Instagram Rights Account
         Settings to prevent requests from being marked as spam.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>
        <p>Bug</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Rights Requests</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Fixed a bug that prevented the rights modal from closing after sending a request on an
         asset in Library.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>
        <p>Bug</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>SAFE</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Fixed a bug that prevented Custom Profanity lists from being reliably updated.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>
        <p>Bug</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Settings</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Fixed a bug that prevented Profile Pull URLs from saving in Studio Settings.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>
        <p>Enhancement</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Sidenotes</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Enhanced Sidenotes to comply with accessibility standards by providing better support for
         screen readers and making sure all interactive items can be reached with keyboard-only
         navigation.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>
        <p>Enhancement</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Social Search</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Added a feature that displays a notification when an asset is reported.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>
        <p>Bug</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Streams</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Fixed a bug that caused Premoderate and Media Premoderate stream rules settings reverting
         to defaults after saving.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>
        <p>Bug</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Streams</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Fixed a bug that prevented map locations from being cleared in a Twitter Stream Rule.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>
        <p>Bug</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Users</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Fixed a bug that prevented site-restricted app &amp; content managers from seeing the App
         Content button in Library.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>
        <p>Bug</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Users</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Fixed a bug that under certain circumstances caused the Site checklist in User Roles
         becoming unusable.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
     </tbody>
    </tgroup>
   </table>
  </section>
  <section id="section_yrz_x42_wy">
   <table id="table_ywr_tl2_wy">
    <title>UAT Release</title>
    <tgroup cols="3">
     <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
     <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
     <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3"/>
     <thead>
      <row>
       <entry>Issue Type</entry>
       <entry>Component</entry>
       <entry>Release Note</entry>
      </row>
     </thead>
     <tbody>
      <row>
       <entry>
        <p>Enhancement</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Comments, Sidenotes</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>The default Comments and Sidenotes avatars and buttons will now have increased color
         contrast to meet accessibility standards.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>
        <p>Enhancement</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Livefyre Identity</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Enhanced Livefyre Identity to support keyboard navigation to meet accessibility
         standards.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>
        <p>Bug</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Streams</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Enhanced Facebook Page Rules to ingest high quality Facebook images where before we
         ingested only the thumbnails.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>
        <p>Bug</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Studio</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Enhanced Library Asset search to support Japanese characters.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
     </tbody>
    </tgroup>
   </table>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
