<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_rn_2017_april_27">
 <title>April 27, 2017</title>
 <shortdesc>Release Notes for the April 27, 2017 release.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <table id="table_epw_crm_sz">
    <title>Production Release</title>
   <tgroup cols="3">
     <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
     <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
     <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3"/>
     <thead>
      <row>
       <entry><b>Issue Type</b></entry>
       <entry><b>Component</b></entry>
       <entry><b>Release Note</b></entry>
      </row>
     </thead>
     <tbody>
      <row>
       <entry>Bug</entry>
       <entry>App Designer</entry>
       <entry>Fixed a bug that prevented the ability to save new App Title names on various apps in
        Designer.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Bug</entry>
       <entry>App Manager</entry>
       <entry>Improved the search results when searching by Article ID in App Manager.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Bug</entry>
       <entry>Asset Library</entry>
       <entry>Fixed a bug that caused unicode content to not render when viewing more details on an
        asset in Library.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Enhancement</entry>
       <entry>Mosaic</entry>
       <entry>Added the ability to configure Mosaic apps configured in Designer or instantiated
        through the SDK to click anywhere on a content card to open the modal. There are now 3
        animation types for Mosaic: Flip, Fade and Click.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Enhancement</entry>
       <entry>Reviews</entry>
       <entry>Added a feature in Reviews to separate out “Write a review” and “Show My Review” to
        enable customers more flexibility when customizing the app.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Bug</entry>
       <entry>Reviews</entry>
       <entry>Fixed some usability bugs when enabling the alwaysShowEditor parameter on the Reviews
        app.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Bug</entry>
       <entry>S1 Collection Rules</entry>
       <entry>Fixed a bug to allow keywords to be edited after saving a rule.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Bug</entry>
       <entry>Storify 2</entry>
       <entry>Fixed a bug that prevented Storify 2 embeds from rendering when using the requireJS
        library on the page.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Bug</entry>
       <entry>Streams</entry>
       <entry>Fixed a bug that prevented rules from being copied over to a new stream when cloning
        an existing stream.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Bug</entry>
       <entry>Users</entry>
       <entry>Fixed a bug that was not showing banned users. Now banned users will appear as
        expected with an indication that they are banned.</entry>
      </row>
     </tbody>
    </tgroup>
   </table>
   
  <table id="table_fpw_crm_sz">
    <title>UAT Release</title> <tgroup cols="3">
     <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
     <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
     <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3"/>
     <thead>
      <row>
       <entry><b>Issue Type</b></entry>
       <entry><b>Component</b></entry>
       <entry><b>Release Note</b></entry>
      </row>
     </thead>
     <tbody>
      <row>
       <entry>Enhancement</entry>
       <entry>API</entry>
       <entry>Released a new API to retrieve App embed codes. More info can be found at
        http://api.livefyre.com/docs/apis/by-category/apps.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Bug</entry>
       <entry>Asset Library</entry>
       <entry>Fixed a bug that capped the first page of Library results to 10 assets.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Enhancement</entry>
       <entry>Studio</entry>
       <entry>Enhanced the contrast on toggle components across Studio for easier
        visibility.</entry>
      </row>
     </tbody>
    </tgroup>
   </table>
  
 </conbody>
</concept>
