<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_rn">
  <title>July 20, 2017</title>
  <shortdesc>Release Notes for the July 20, 2017 release.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <section id="section_swl_jsm_p1b">
      <title>New Feature</title>
      <p>UGC Commerce allows you to add a Call-to-action button directly from your Livefyre Apps.
        For more information on UGC Commerce, see <xref href="c_ugc_commerce.dita#c_ugc_commerce"
          >UGC Commerce</xref>. </p>
    </section>
 <section id="section_bjq_3sm_p1b">
      <title>Release Notes</title>
      <p>The following tables list the Production and UAT Release Notes for the July 20, 2017
        release.</p>
      <table id="table_ng5_vtz_p1b">
        <title>Production Release</title>
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
          <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
          <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry><b>Issue Type</b></entry>
              <entry><b>Component</b></entry>
              <entry><b>Release Note</b></entry>
            </row>
          </thead> <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>Enhancement</entry>
              <entry>All</entry>
              <entry>
                <p>Introducing Livefyre's new UGC Commerce initiative. This includes the ability to: </p>
                <ul id="ul_lkr_5hd_k1b">
                  <li>Add a conversion button to Mosaic and Media Wall.</li>
                  <li>UI enhancements to Mosaic, Media Wall and the content modal for both
                    apps.</li>
                  <li>Ability to upload products into Studio in Network Settings.</li>
                  <li>Ability to associate content with products in Studio Library, App Content and
                    ModQ.</li>
                  <li>Ability to associate products with Stream Rules for auto-tagging.</li>
                </ul>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Bug</entry>
              <entry>Authentication</entry>
              <entry>Fixed a bug with decoding JSON Web Tokens when authenticating into Livefyre
                Apps.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Enhancement</entry>
              <entry>Comments</entry>
              <entry>Added an enhancement so that Comments Sort Order tabs are ADA
                compliant.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Bug</entry>
              <entry>Media Wall</entry>
              <entry>Fixed a bug in Media Wall that was preventing the share button to work
                appropriately in Firefox. </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Enhancement</entry>
              <entry>Mosaic</entry>
              <entry>Updated the look and feel to the Details modal on Mosaic cards.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Enhancement</entry>
              <entry>Social Search</entry>
              <entry>Added text clarifying why rights requests cannot be requested in a social
                search when multiple assets are selected, the social provider is not supported for
                rights requests, or there are no enabled rights request accounts for a social
                provider on the network.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Bug</entry>
              <entry>Storify 2</entry>
              <entry>Fixed an issue with not being able to add an ñ (n with a tilde over it) in
                Storify 2.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Bug</entry>
              <entry>Studio</entry>
              <entry>Fixed a bug to allow all Settings sections to load in Studio when scoped to a
                specific site.</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
      <table id="table_mfh_d5z_p1b">
        <title>UAT Release</title>
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
          <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
          <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry><b>Issue Type</b></entry>
              <entry><b>Component</b></entry>
              <entry><b>Release Note</b></entry>
            </row>
          </thead> <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>Bug</entry>
              <entry>Carousel</entry>
              <entry>Fixed a bug that caused Instagram Carousel posts without captions from getting
                pulled into Studio.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Enhancement</entry>
              <entry>Storify 2</entry>
              <entry>Removed the Facebook Comments by ID search option in Storify Search, due to
                Facebook's deprecation of the feature.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Bug</entry>
              <entry>Storify 2</entry>
              <entry>Improved the stability of fetching Facebook Comments by URL results in Storify
                2.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Bug</entry>
              <entry>Streams</entry>
              <entry>Fixed a bug that caused text pills in Stream Rule Configuration textboxes to be
                removed upon click.</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>
