<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_rn_2017_april_27">
 <title>June 1, 2017</title>
 <shortdesc>Release Notes for the June 1, 2017 release.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
    <table id="table_ar4_fkh_c1b">
      <title>Production Release</title>
      <tgroup cols="3">
        <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
        <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
        <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3"/>
        <thead>
          <row>
            <entry><b>Issue Type</b></entry>
            <entry><b>Component</b></entry>
            <entry><b>Release Note</b></entry>
          </row>
        </thead>     <tbody>
         
          <row>
            <entry>Enhancement</entry>
            <entry>App Content</entry>
            <entry>Added an enhancement to allow users in App Content to download native video files
              that were uploaded to a Livefyre App and/or via the Upload Media API.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Bug</entry>
            <entry>Mosaic</entry>
            <entry>Fixed a bug in Mosaic that was preventing newly created Mosaic's from loading
              after a page refresh. </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Bug</entry>
            <entry>Rights Management</entry>
            <entry>Fixed a bug that caused Rights Management to break on newly
              deleted/marked-as-private Instagram and Twitter content.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Bug</entry>
            <entry>Storify 2</entry>
            <entry>Updated the sorting labels in Storify 2 to match the expected behavior. "Oldest
              to newest" and "Newest to oldest" will now say "First to last" and "Last to first".
              The sort order is based on the order dictated in Storify 2's Editor, not publish date.
            </entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>

   <table id="table_qw3_1kh_c1b"> <title>UAT Release</title>
      <tgroup cols="3">
        <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
        <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
        <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3"/>
        <thead>
          <row>
            <entry><b>Issue Type</b></entry>
            <entry><b>Component</b></entry>
            <entry><b>Release Note</b></entry>
          </row>
        </thead>  <tbody>
        
          <row>
            <entry>Bug</entry>
            <entry>Reviews</entry>
            <entry>Fixed a bug in Reviews to ensure media loads via HTTPS in all
              implementations.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Bug</entry>
            <entry>Search</entry>
            <entry>Fixed a bug that caused Instagram Location Search results to show
              duplicates.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Bug</entry>
            <entry>Sidenotes</entry>
            <entry>Enhanced Sidesnotes to support front-end moderation. This means moderators logged
              into the app on the front-end will be able to approve or delete content. </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Bug</entry>
            <entry>Stream Rules</entry>
            <entry>Added an enhancement to Twitter Streams so that all map locations are listed in
              the rule summary</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Bug</entry>
            <entry>Stream Rules</entry>
            <entry>Fixed a bug that allowed a Twitter Stream user to exist in both the "is posted by
              any of these authors" and "is not posted by any of these authors" fields at the same
              time.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Enhancement</entry>
            <entry>Stream Rules</entry>
            <entry>Added the ability to filter Tweets by Language in Stream Rules</entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
  </conbody>
</concept>
