<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_rn_2017_february_9">
 <title>February 9, 2017</title>
 <shortdesc>Release Notes for the February 9, 2017 release.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <section id="section_nv4_yry_wy">
   <title>SocialSync for Twitter</title>
   <p>SocialSync for Twitter has been a part of our core functionality for several years. However,
    as our product has developed and grown over time, SocialSync for Twitter has become a
    lower-value feature that is currently used by a very small portion of our customer base. To
    improve the overall experience of Livefyre for our customers and focus development resources in
    areas of greatest value, we will be discontinuing the SocialSync for Twitter feature on February
    24. SocialSync for Facebook will be unaffected by this update. If you have any questions or
    concerns about this update, please reach out to your Livefyre CSM. </p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_r24_1m2_wy">
   <title>Production Release</title>
   <table id="table_t4j_gxt_wy">
    <tgroup cols="3">
     <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
     <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
     <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3"/>
     <thead>
      <row>
       <entry><b>Issue Type</b></entry>
       <entry><b>Component</b></entry>
       <entry><b>Release Note</b></entry>
      </row>
     </thead>
     <tbody>
      <row>
       <entry>Bug</entry>
       <entry>Media Wall</entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Fixed a bug that allows Facebook videos to play appropriately.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Bug</entry>
       <entry>ModQ</entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Fixed a bug that prevented Email Subjects from not displaying in Email Stream
         Content.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Bug</entry>
       <entry>Mosaic</entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Added additional accessibility support to Mosaic to allow users to shift tab between
         content cards.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Bug</entry>
       <entry>Reviews</entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Fixed a bug that was preventing rating edits to appear appropriately.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Bug</entry>
       <entry>Social Search</entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Fixed a bug that caused the Show More button to be cut off on Twitter List Search
         results.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Enhancement</entry>
       <entry>Storify 2</entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Enhanced Storify 2 to support Copywrite Free content search. Copywrite Free searches
         across Flickr, Noun Project, Kuler, Pixabay and Unsplash for copywrite free images.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Bug</entry>
       <entry>Streams</entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Fixed a bug that prevented Tumblr stream rules from saving.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Bug</entry>
       <entry>Streams</entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Fixed a bug that produced incorrect Generator Ids in the Collection JSON for RSS
         Feeds.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Enhancement</entry>
       <entry>Streams</entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Made an adjustment to the setting of "Verified accounts only" option to be disabled by
         default.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Enhancement</entry>
       <entry>Streams</entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Added a new feature to allow categories of content (via a Stream Rule) to be whitelisted
         and bypass moderation.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Bug</entry>
       <entry>Streams</entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Fixed a bug that caused "Premoderate" and "Media Premoderate" settings to carry over to a
         newly created Stream rule.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
     </tbody>
    </tgroup>
   </table>
  </section>
  <section id="section_dyx_yl2_wy">
   <title>UAT Release</title>
   <table id="table_u4j_gxt_wy">
    <tgroup cols="3">
     <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
     <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
     <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3"/>
    <thead>
     <row>
      <entry><b>Issue Type</b></entry>
      <entry><b>Component</b></entry>
      <entry><b>Release Note</b></entry>
     </row>
    </thead>
     <tbody>
      <row>
       <entry>Bug</entry>
       <entry>Conversation Apps</entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Enhanced Conversation Apps to always link out to user profiles, even without a full auth
         integration.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Bug</entry>
       <entry>Mosaic</entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Fixed a bug that now serves all Twitter images via HTTPS.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Bug</entry>
       <entry>Social Search</entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Fixed a bug that caused the green "saved" checkmark to not appear when saving assets in
         Social Search and viewing assets in Library.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Bug</entry>
       <entry>Social Search</entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Fixed a bug that prevented the "Conceal explicit images" option from functioning
         properly.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Enhancement</entry>
       <entry>Storify 2</entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Enhanced Storify 2 to support permalinks opening a modal (previously the app would scroll
         to the post location on the page). In Storify 2's Designer, we have added a configuration
         to toggle between Scroll and Modal permalink behavior. Modal permalink behavior will be
         default behavior.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Enhancement</entry>
       <entry>Storify 2</entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Enhanced the Storify 2 Google AMP integration to produce a smaller CSS file.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Bug</entry>
       <entry>Streams</entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Enhanced content (images and videos) from Email Stream Rules to be available via
         HTTPS.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Bug</entry>
       <entry>Streams</entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Added a label for the Mile Radius Value in maps in Twitter Stream Rules.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Bug</entry>
       <entry>Streams</entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Fixed a bug with Facebook and Facebook Page Steam Rules to pull in posts with multiple
         media attachments appropriately.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Bug</entry>
       <entry>Studio</entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Fixed a bug that caused multiple &amp;'s from getting appended to the URL when using
         filters in Studio.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Bug</entry>
       <entry>Studio</entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Fixed a bug that prevented certain checkboxes in Studio filters from allowing to be
         unchecked.</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
     </tbody>
    </tgroup>
   </table>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
