<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_rn_2017_april_13">
 <title>April 13, 2017</title>
 <shortdesc>Release Notes for the April 13, 2017 release.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <table id="table_u1c_n1p_4z">
   <title>Production Release</title>
   <tgroup cols="3">
    <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
    <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
    <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3"/>
    <thead>
     <row>
      <entry><b>Issue Type</b></entry>
      <entry><b>Component</b></entry>
      <entry><b>Release Note</b></entry>
     </row>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
     
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>APIs</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug so that large files can be uploaded via the "Post to Collection"
       API.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>APIs</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug that prevented mp4 videos from uploading when using the Upload Media
       API.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Library</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug that caused Library searches with hashtags to intermittently fail.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Maps</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug in Maps to support a large number of content in clusters on iOS
       devices.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Enhancement</entry>
      <entry>ModQ</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug to enable new Instagram tasks to stream in effectively in the ModQ.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Mosaic</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug to allow users to successfully make changes to Mosaic apps in
       Designer.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Enhancement</entry>
      <entry>Rights Request</entry>
      <entry>Added a new rights request status called "Request Failed" to highlight when rights
       request messages fail to send.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>S1 Settings</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug that disabled the ability to invite new Owners and Moderators who didn't
       have an existing commenting account.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Enhancement</entry>
      <entry>Settings</entry>
      <entry>Added the ability for customers to create Spam Moderation Rules in Settings.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Enhancement</entry>
      <entry>Social Search</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug that prevented VK.com posts from displaying via URL Social
       Searches.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Storify 2</entry>
      <entry>Added a usability enhancement so that pinned Storify 2 posts don't render overlapping
       pin and close icons when using the "Show Permalinks in Modal" option.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Streams</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug that caused an "App is not accepting new content" banner to falsely display
       on top of Stream Rule pages.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Enhancement</entry>
      <entry>Streams</entry>
      <entry>Modified the default of newly created stream rules to Apply SAFE Rules when
       applicable.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Enhancement</entry>
      <entry>Streams (formerly, Curate Rules)</entry>
      <entry>Removed the "Vines" only option from Twitter Stream/Curate rules, as Vines are now
       displayed as Twitter videos.</entry>
     </row>
    </tbody>
   </tgroup>
  </table>
  <table id="table_w1c_n1p_4z">
   <title>UAT Release</title>
   <tgroup cols="3">
    <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
    <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
    <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3"/>
    <thead>
     <row>
      <entry><b>Issue Type</b></entry>
      <entry><b>Component</b></entry>
      <entry><b>Release Note</b></entry>
     </row>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
     
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>App Designer</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug that prevented the ability to save new App Title names on various apps in
       Designer.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>App Manager</entry>
      <entry>Improved the search results when searching by Article ID in App Manager.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Asset Library</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug that caused unicode content to not render when viewing more details on an
       asset in Library.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Enhancement</entry>
      <entry>Mosaic</entry>
      <entry>Updated the look and feel to the Details modal on Mosaic cards.</entry>
     </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Enhancement</entry>
            <entry>Mosaic</entry>
            <entry>Added a new configuration in Mosaic Designer so that details on a card can be
              viewed on click.</entry>
          </row>
         
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Reviews</entry>
      <entry>Fixed some usability bugs when enabling the alwaysShowEditor parameter on the Reviews
       app.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Storify 2</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug that prevented Storify 2 embeds from rendering when using the requireJS
       library on the page.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Streams</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug that prevented rules from being copied over to a new stream when cloning an
       existing stream.</entry>
     </row>
    </tbody>
   </tgroup>
  </table>
 </conbody>
</concept>
