<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept id="c_rn">
  <title>May 17, 2018</title>
  <shortdesc>Release Notes for the May 17, 2018 release.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager" />
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <section id="section_syx_mdt_wcb">
      <title>Known Issues</title>
      <p><b>Instagram Rights Requests. </b>Due to an Instagram API change, you currently cannot send
        rights requests to and from Instagram from Livefyre. To send a rights request, you must copy
        and paste the request into Instagram, then manually grant rights in Livefyre after an
        Instagram user grants rights to the content. A more seamless workaround will be introduced
        by May 24, 2018. For more, see <xref href="c_anouncements.dita#c_anouncements"/>.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_ehw_ndt_wcb">
      <title>Issues</title>
      <p>The issues in the following tables were resolved in this release.</p>
      <table id="table_jjd_5p2_wdb">
        <title>Production Release</title>
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
          <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
          <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <b>Issue Type</b>
              </entry>
              <entry>
                <b>Component</b>
              </entry>
              <entry>
                <b>Release Note</b>
              </entry>
            </row>
          </thead>  <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>Enhancement</entry>
              <entry>App</entry>
              <entry>Fixed an issue where users could not save an asset, view details for an asset,
                or publish the asset to an App if the asset was originally found using an Instagram
                hashtag or location Social Search.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Enhancement</entry>
              <entry>Comments</entry>
              <entry>Fixed an issue where three profile labels were pointing to one user profile,
                but were not identified as pointing to the same profile.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Bug</entry>
              <entry>Library</entry>
              <entry>Fixed an issue where users could not see when an asset from Instagram was
                already in the Asset Library.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Bug</entry>
              <entry>Library</entry>
              <entry>Fixed an issue where users could not view details on an asset from Instagram. </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Bug</entry>
              <entry>Library</entry>
              <entry>Fixed an issue where users could not publish or save assets after using the
                Instagram Social Search.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Bug</entry>
              <entry>Library, ModQ</entry>
              <entry>Fixed an issue where moderation recommendations displayed when moderation
                recommendations were not turned on.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Bug</entry>
              <entry>ModQ</entry>
              <entry>Fixed an issue where users could not Moderate assets from Instagram in
                ModQ.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Enhancement</entry>
              <entry>Streams, Social Search</entry>
              <entry>Fixed an issue where searching for content in Instagram via Streams or Social
                Search stopped working as expected. Livefyre has temporarily turned off the ability
                to search by Instagram Author or User in a Stream or Social Search until we enable
                the ability to search by Author or User for business accounts only.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Enhancement</entry>
              <entry>Studio</entry>
              <entry>Added more informative error messages for content that doesn't display because
                it has been deleted from the originating social network.</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
    <section>
      <table id="table_sxh_tp2_wdb">
        <title>UAT Release</title>
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
          <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
          <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <b>Issue Type</b>
              </entry>
              <entry>
                <b>Component</b>
              </entry>
              <entry>
                <b>Release Note</b>
              </entry>
            </row>
          </thead>  <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>Bug</entry>
              <entry>Apps</entry>
              <entry>Fixed an issue where updates to Facebook's APIs caused some media to display
                incorrectly. </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Enhancement</entry>
              <entry>Apps, Streams</entry>
              <entry>Now, when you delete an App, you delete all streams associated with that
                App.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Bug</entry>
              <entry>Studio</entry>
              <entry>Fixed an issue where content with profanity was not being caught by the
                profanity filter. </entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>
