<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_rn_2017_june_29">
 <title>June 29, 2017</title>
 <shortdesc>Release Notes for the June 29, 2017 release.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <table id="table_zpr_dhd_k1b">
   <title>Production Release</title>
   <tgroup cols="3">
    <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
    <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
    <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3"/>
    <thead>
     <row>
      <entry><b>Issue Type</b></entry>
      <entry><b>Component</b></entry>
      <entry><b>Release Note</b></entry>
     </row>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Library</entry>
      <entry>When you clear filters in the library, you will remain in the same folder selection,
       instead of being redirected to another page.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Reviews</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug in Reviews to ensure media loads via HTTPS in all implementations.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Reviews </entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug in Reviews that was preventing some images to load correctly due to HTTPS
       errors. </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Enhancement</entry>
      <entry>Social Sync</entry>
      <entry>Deprecated Twitter Social Sync. </entry>
     </row>
    </tbody>
   </tgroup>
  </table>
  <table id="table_nv4_3hd_k1b">
   <title>UAT Release</title>
   <tgroup cols="3">
    <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
    <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
    <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3"/>
    <thead>
     <row>
      <entry><b>Issue Type</b></entry>
      <entry><b>Component</b></entry>
      <entry><b>Release Note</b></entry>
     </row>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
     <row>
      <entry>Enhancement</entry>
      <entry>All</entry>
      <entry>
       <p>Introducing Livefyre's new UGC Commerce initiative. This includes the ability to: </p>
       <ul id="ul_lkr_5hd_k1b">
        <li>Add a conversion button to Mosaic and Media Wall</li>
        <li>UI enhancements to Mosaic, Media Wall and the content modal for both apps</li>
        <li>Ability to upload products into Studio in Network Settings</li>
        <li>Ability to associate content with products in Studio Library, App Content and ModQ</li>
        <li>Ability to associate products with Stream Rules for auto-tagging</li>
       </ul>
      </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Enhancement</entry>
      <entry>Comments</entry>
      <entry>Added an enhancement so that Comments Sort Order tabs are ADA compliant.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Enhancement</entry>
      <entry>Comments</entry>
      <entry>Added an accessibility enhancement so that Avatars in Comments are ADA
       compliant.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Enhancement</entry>
      <entry>Instagram Search</entry>
      <entry>Added support for saving and publishing multi-image/video Instagram posts.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Library</entry>
      <entry>Added an improvement when performing searches in the Library containing
       apostrophes.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Media Wall </entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug in Media Wall that was preventing the share button to work appropriately in
       Firefox. </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Enhancement</entry>
      <entry>Mosaic</entry>
      <entry>Updated the look and feel to the Details modal on Mosaic cards.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Enhancement</entry>
      <entry>Social Search</entry>
      <entry>Added text clarifying why rights requests cannot be requested in a social search when
       multiple assets are selected, the social provider is not supported for rights requests, or
       there are no enabled rights request accounts for a social provider on the network.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Studio</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug that caused newly created Browser Bans to not be applied by new User
       Managers and Administrators.</entry>
     </row>
    </tbody>
   </tgroup>
  </table>
 </conbody>
</concept>
