<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_rn_2017_march_9">
 <title>March 9, 2017</title>
 <shortdesc>Release Notes for the March 9, 2017 release.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <table id="table_jnf_2v5_2z">
   <title>Production Release</title>
   <tgroup cols="3">
    <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
    <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
    <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3"/>
    <thead>
     <row>
      <entry><b>Issue Type</b></entry>
      <entry><b>Component</b></entry>
      <entry><b>Release Note</b></entry>
     </row>
     
    </thead>
    <tbody>
    
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Apps</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug to show content in media modals with the correct aspect ratios.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Enhancement</entry>
      <entry>Comments</entry>
      <entry>Enhanced Comments to support more accessibility standards including font colors and
       alt-text.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Enhancement</entry>
      <entry>Community Comments</entry>
      <entry>As of March 9. 2017 Community Comments will be in read-only mode.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Livefyre Node JS Library</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug in the collection validator.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Enhancement</entry>
      <entry>Storify 2</entry>
      <entry>Enhanced Storify 2 to support the ability to allow multiple Storify 2 apps on the same
       page.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Story</entry>
      <entry>Studio</entry>
      <entry>Added functionality to increase the expiry time for Studio User login sessions. Once a
       Studio session expires the user will be redirected to log in again.</entry>
     </row>
    </tbody>
   </tgroup>
  </table>
  <table id="table_knf_2v5_2z">
   <title>UAT Release</title>
   <tgroup cols="3">
    <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
    <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
    <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3"/>
    <thead>
     <row>
      <entry><b>Issue Type</b></entry>
      <entry><b>Component</b></entry>
      <entry><b>Release Note</b></entry>
     </row>
     
    </thead>
    <tbody>
   
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Media Wall</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug that was caused Media Walls to not render if specific foreign characters
       were included.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Social Search</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug that prevented saved Youtube assets in Social Search from
       publishing.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Social Search</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug that caused the “Conceal explicit images” Eye icon on assets to shift
       outside of an asset on hover.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Enhancement</entry>
      <entry>Storify 2</entry>
      <entry>Added an enhancement to display the message “No results found” on Facebook Topic search
       when no results are found.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Enhancement</entry>
      <entry>Streams</entry>
      <entry>Added Summary Rules for SAFE Rules to the bottom of a Twitter Stream page.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Streams</entry>
      <entry>Added an enhancement to visibly disable the “verified user” checkbox on Twitter Stream
       Rules when excluded authors are provided.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Studio</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug that was preventing the “Feature Tag” to save correctly when
       applied.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>Bug</entry>
      <entry>Users</entry>
      <entry>Fixed a bug that caused the “Recent Activity” sort filter in Users to appear out of
       order.</entry>
     </row>
    </tbody>
   </tgroup>
  </table>
 </conbody>
</concept>
