<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_rss_rules_streams">
 <title>RSS Rules</title>
 <shortdesc>You can create Stream rules that pull content from RSS feeds.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
 <conbody>
  <p>RSS streams update every 5 minutes, looking for content that does not already exist in Livefyre
   from the first 50 items in the feed. Livefyre ignores everything past the first 50 items in the
   feed.</p>
  <p>To create RSS Rules to pull content from RSS feeds into your App or Folder, you can filter
   by:</p>
  <ul id="ul_t44_fdm_tz">
   <li><uicontrol>URL</uicontrol> of the RSS Feed.</li>
   <li><uicontrol>Include recent items.</uicontrol> If this is set to:<ul id="ul_u44_fdm_tz">
     <li><uicontrol>Enabled</uicontrol>, Livefyre adds the first 50 content items in your feed to
      the stream, regardless of the publication date.</li>
     <li><uicontrol>Disabled</uicontrol>, Livefyre adds the first 50 content items in your feed to
      the stream with a publication date that is the same as the stream rule creation date or
      later.</li>
    </ul></li>
   <li><uicontrol>Extract post information from item link (when disabled, post information is
          extracted from XML).</uicontrol> Pull information from the item link or from the XML.</li>
  </ul>
  <p><b>RSS Rules</b></p>
  <p>Livefyre parses RSS feeds based on the following RSS specs:</p>
  <ul id="ul_w44_fdm_tz">
   <li><xref href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RSS" format="html" scope="external">RSS
    2.0</xref></li>
   <li><xref href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Media_RSS" format="html" scope="external">Media
     RSS</xref></li>
   <li><xref href="https://validator.w3.org/feed/docs/atom.html" format="html" scope="external">Atom
     feed</xref></li>
  </ul>
  <p>Livefyre does not read feeds that do not adhere to these specs, and their content will not be
   pulled into your stream. Use the WC3 Feed Validation Service to check the syntax of your RSS
   feed, and ensure that it is valid.</p>
    <p>For additional Stream rule options for all Stream rules, see <xref
        href="c_stream_rule_options_for_all_stream_rules.dita#c_stream_rule_options_for_all_stream_rules"
        >Stream Rule Options for All Stream Rules</xref>. </p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
