<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_setting_up_social_sharing">
 <title>Setting up Social Sharing</title>
 <shortdesc>The Social Sharing panel allows you to add your social media network app
  credentials.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>Livefyre uses this information to connect to the listed social networks on behalf of your
   social App, and to post shared content for your users on their behalf. Enter these values to
   enable social integration. They may be edited at any time.</p>
  <p>Settings available from this page will update to reflect your social sharing system, as defined
   during your Livefyre integration process. Those integrating using their own custom user identity
   systems, must supply social network credentials for Facebook, LinkedIn, and Twitter, if they wish
   to allow their end users to share to these platforms. Janrain Engage customers need only supply
   their Janrain credentials, and not Facebook, Twitter, or LinkedIn.</p>
  <note>Only one app per Social Media site may be enabled for your Network. You may include these
   apps on multiple sites, but your Network may have only one Facebook, one Twitter, one LinkedIn,
   and one Bitly integration.</note>
  <section id="section_dzq_1p1_21b">
   <title>Janrain Engage</title>
   <p>To enable Janrain Engage integration, enter the following credentials:</p>
   <ul id="ul_w23_brk_yy">
    <li><uicontrol>Engage API Key: </uicontrol>the API key for your Janrain Engage account.</li>
    <li><uicontrol>Engage Domain: </uicontrol>your Janrain provided domain name.</li>
   </ul>
  </section>
  <section id="section_tch_gp1_21b">
   <title>Facebook</title>
   <p>To share to Facebook, enter the following Facebook app credentials:</p>
   <ul id="ul_x23_brk_yy">
    <li><uicontrol>Client ID:</uicontrol> the Client ID provided with your Facebook app.</li>
    <li><uicontrol>Client Secret:</uicontrol> the client secret provided with your Facebook
     app.</li>
    <li><uicontrol>OAuth Proxy Redirect:</uicontrol> your redirect page for receiving Facebook
     requests.</li>
   </ul>
  </section>
  <section id="section_xkd_kp1_21b">
   <title>Twitter</title>
   <p>To share to Twitter, enter the following Twitter App credentials:</p>
   <ul id="ul_y23_brk_yy">
    <li><uicontrol>Access Token:</uicontrol> your Twitter-provided token for making API
     requests.</li>
    <li><uicontrol>Access Token Secret:</uicontrol> your Twitter-provided secret for making API
     requests.</li>
    <li><uicontrol>API Key:</uicontrol> your Twitter-provided API key.</li>
    <li><uicontrol>API Secret:</uicontrol> your Twitter-provided API secret.</li>
   </ul>
  </section>
  <section id="section_tqh_mp1_21b">
   <title>LinkedIn</title>
   <p>To share to LinkedIn, enter the following credentials for your LinkedIn API requests:</p>
   <ul id="ul_z23_brk_yy">
    <li><uicontrol>API Key:</uicontrol> your LinkedIn-provided API key.</li>
    <li><uicontrol>API Secret:</uicontrol> your LinkedIn-provided API secret.</li>
   </ul>
  </section>
  <section id="section_ur2_np1_21b">
   <title>Bitly</title>
   <p>To enable Bitly permalinks, enter the following information for your Bitly integration:</p>
   <ul id="ul_af3_brk_yy">
    <li><uicontrol>Login:</uicontrol> your Bitly-provided end user username login.</li>
    <li><uicontrol>API Key:</uicontrol> your Bitly-provided API key.</li>
   </ul>
  </section>
  <section id="section_blk_ccj_h1b">
   <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
   <ul id="ul_qzp_ccj_h1b">
    <li><xref href="c_carousel_app.dita#c_carousel_app">Carousel</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_chat_app.dita#c_chat_app">Chat</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_feature_card_app.dita#c_feature_card_app">Feature Card</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_map_app.dita#c_map_app">Map</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_media_wall_app.dita#c_media_wall_app">Media Wall</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_mosaic_app.dita#c_mosaic_app">Mosaic</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_polls_app.dita#c_polls_app">Polls</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_reviews_app.dita#c_reviews_app">Reviews</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_sidenotes_app.dita#c_sidenotes_app">Sidenotes</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_storify2.dita#c_storify2">Storify 2</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_trending_app.dita#c_trending_app">Trending</xref></li>
   </ul>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
