<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_searching_for_content">
 <title>Search for Content from Twitter and Instagram Using the Social Search</title>
 <shortdesc>Search for content from social media and store it in your library. Search for saved
  content in your library to publish assets to an App.</shortdesc>
 <prolog>
  <metadata>
   <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
  </metadata>
 </prolog>
 <conbody>
  <p>To search for content:</p>
  <ul id="ul_e45_rnm_zz">
   <li>Select the social network you wish to search from the left side of the search bar (Twitter or
    Instagram).</li>
   <li>Enter your search criteria.</li>
  </ul>
  <p>Results returned will be listed from most recent to least.</p>
  <p>Items matching your search are displayed in a grid view. Mouse over an item to <uicontrol>View
    Details</uicontrol>, add it to your Asset Library, or <uicontrol>Publish</uicontrol> to an
   App.</p>
  <p>You can save and reuse searches. Click in the search bar to see a list of your Recent and Saved
   Searches.</p>
  <p>When you add new assets to the library, assets that are already included in your library are
   marked with a checkmark.</p>
  <note>Before you can perform a Social Search for Instagram, you must add an Instagram account to
   the Social Accounts section in Network Settings and authorize the Livefyre Social Curation app to
   use that account. For more information on how to configure a social account, see <xref
    href="c_setting_up_social_sharing_comp.dita#c_social_sharing"/>.</note>
  <section id="section_jr3_j44_zz">
   <title>Find Content from a URL</title>
   <p><uicontrol>URL</uicontrol> Embed allows you to add content available from any URL on the web.
    Simply enter the URL you wish to embed on your page and click return.</p>
   <p>The returned information will show a card summary of the page, including the full URL, the
    page’s title, image, byline, and a snippet from the first paragraph.</p>
   <note>For Instagram searches using the URL field, the author is returned as "Instagram."</note>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
