<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd"[]>
<dita>
  <concept id="c_social_sharing">
    <title>Social Sharing</title>
    <shortdesc>Share your content or content from another user, to Facebook, Twitter or
      LinkedIn.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
      <metadata>
        <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager" />
      </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
      <p>On this page:</p>
      <ul id="ul_nw3_trz_fcb">
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_social_sharing/section_t1q_mz2_wy" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_social_sharing/section_blw_vy2_wy" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_setting_up_social_sharing" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_setting_up_social_sharing/section_dzq_1p1_21b" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_setting_up_social_sharing/section_tch_gp1_21b" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_setting_up_social_sharing/section_xkd_kp1_21b" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_setting_up_social_sharing/section_tqh_mp1_21b" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_setting_up_social_sharing/section_ur2_np1_21b" format="dita" />
        </li>
      </ul>
      <p>Social Sharing allows your community to share their thoughts from your App to their friends
        on social networks, including Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn, and to share other users’
        content to Facebook and Twitter. Enabling Social Sharing allows your community to spread the
        best response to your content, and to bring more traffic to your site.</p>
      <section id="section_t1q_mz2_wy">
        <title>Sharing content to social networks</title>
        <p>You may configure your network to allow users to share to Twitter, Facebook, or LinkedIn
          when posting content to your Livefyre Apps. The default Livefyre <uicontrol>Share
            Modal</uicontrol> includes links to all three sites. You may customize this modal using
          the Post To API to override the Livefyre default, and implement your own. For more
          information, see Advanced Topics &gt; Enabling Social Sharing.</p>
        <p>When users click <uicontrol>Share</uicontrol> to post their comment to social networks
          (Facebook, Twitter or LinkedIn), they are prompted to log in through the social app. (The
          list of available Share options may be customized. By default, Facebook and Twitter share
          checkboxes are shown on all Apps.) For custom networks, the social apps should be
          configured to be your social apps. As part of your integration process, add your app
          credentials through the Integration Settings page in Studio.</p>
        <note>LinkedIn is included by default on Livefyre Community Comments. Custom networks must
          pass in the ‘li’ value when embedding the App to enable the LinkedIn button on the comment
          toolbar. (For more information, please see Enabling Social Sharing in the developer
          docs.)</note>
      </section>
      <section id="section_blw_vy2_wy">
        <title>Sharing other users’ content to social networks</title>
        <p>Clicking <uicontrol>Share</uicontrol> on another user’s post opens the Share Comment
          pane, which includes an editable text field, your enabled share options, and a permalink
          to the post.</p>
        <p>By clicking <uicontrol>Share</uicontrol> for a post:</p>
        <ul id="ul_kmk_vhb_vy">
          <li>Users can connect to their social networks by clicking the Twitter or Facebook
            Icons.</li>
          <li>After authorizing the page to post to the user’s social networks, the Twitter or
            Facebook buttons will light up to let the user know that they are active.</li>
          <li>Users may personalize the content within the sharing post box.</li>
          <li>Clicking <uicontrol>Share</uicontrol> will send content to the user’s active social
            networks, with a link that will take others to the exact post that the user wants to
            share.</li>
          <li>Users may also choose to share a link to a specific comment by pasting the Permalink
            within an email, blog post, or social network.</li>
        </ul>
        <note>During your integration, you can determine which social networks are available for
          sharing by your users. You may also integrate a custom Permalink to allow for uniformity
          with your current media links.</note>
      </section>
      <section>
        <p>Clicking <uicontrol>Share</uicontrol> on another user’s post opens the <uicontrol>Share
            Comment</uicontrol> pane, which includes an editable text field, your enabled share
          options, and a permalink to the post.</p>
        <p>By clicking <uicontrol>Share</uicontrol> for a post:</p>
        <ul id="ul_pp5_vz2_wy">
          <li>Users can connect to their social networks by clicking the Twitter or Facebook
            Icons.</li>
          <li>After authorizing the page to post to the user’s social networks, the Twitter or
            Facebook buttons will light up to let the user know that they are active.</li>
          <li>Users may personalize the content within the sharing post box.</li>
          <li>Clicking <uicontrol>Share</uicontrol> will send content to the user’s active social
            networks, with a link that will take others to the exact post that the user wants to
            share.</li>
          <li>Users may also choose to share a link to a specific comment by pasting the Permalink
            within an email, blog post, or social network.</li>
        </ul>
        <note>During your integration, you can determine which social networks are available for
          sharing by your users. You may also integrate a custom Permalink to allow for uniformity
          with your current media links.</note>
        <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
        <ul id="ul_qzp_ccj_h1b">
          <li>
            <xref href="c_carousel_app.dita#c_carousel_app">Carousel</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_chat_app.dita#c_chat_app">Chat</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_feature_card_app.dita#c_feature_card_app">Feature Card</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_map_app.dita#c_map_app">Map</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_media_wall_app.dita#c_media_wall_app">Media Wall</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_mosaic_app.dita#c_mosaic_app">Mosaic</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_polls_app.dita#c_polls_app">Polls</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_reviews_app.dita#c_reviews_app">Reviews</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_sidenotes_app.dita#c_sidenotes_app">Sidenotes</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_storify2.dita#c_storify2">Storify 2</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_trending_app.dita#c_trending_app">Trending</xref>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </section>
    </conbody>
    <concept id="c_setting_up_social_sharing">
      <title>Setting up Social Sharing</title>
      <shortdesc>Credentials required to enable Livefyre Social Sharing.</shortdesc>
      <conbody>
        <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">c_social_sharing.dita</draft-comment>
        <p>Livefyre uses this information to connect to the listed social networks on behalf of your
          social App, and to post shared content for your users on their behalf. Enter these values
          to enable social integration. They may be edited at any time.</p>
        <p>Settings available from this page will update to reflect your social sharing system, as
          defined during your Livefyre integration process. Those integrating using their own custom
          user identity systems, must supply social network credentials for Facebook, LinkedIn, and
          Twitter, if they wish to allow their end users to share to these platforms. Janrain Engage
          customers need only supply their Janrain credentials, and not Facebook, Twitter, or
          LinkedIn.</p>
        <note>Only one app per Social Media site may be enabled for your Network. You may include
          these apps on multiple sites, but your Network may have only one Facebook, one Twitter,
          one LinkedIn, and one Bitly integration.</note>
        <section id="section_dzq_1p1_21b">
          <title>Janrain Engage</title>
          <p>To enable Janrain Engage integration, enter the following credentials:</p>
          <ul id="ul_w23_brk_yy">
            <li>
              <uicontrol>Engage API Key: </uicontrol>the API key for your Janrain Engage
              account.</li>
            <li>
              <uicontrol>Engage Domain: </uicontrol>your Janrain provided domain name.</li>
          </ul>
        </section>
        <section id="section_tch_gp1_21b">
          <title>Facebook</title>
          <p>To share to Facebook, enter the following Facebook app credentials:</p>
          <ul id="ul_x23_brk_yy">
            <li>
              <uicontrol>Client ID:</uicontrol> the Client ID provided with your Facebook
              app.</li>
            <li>
              <uicontrol>Client Secret:</uicontrol> the client secret provided with your Facebook
              app.</li>
            <li>
              <uicontrol>OAuth Proxy Redirect:</uicontrol> your redirect page for receiving
              Facebook requests.</li>
          </ul>
        </section>
        <section id="section_xkd_kp1_21b">
          <title>Twitter</title>
          <p>To share to Twitter, enter the following Twitter App credentials:</p>
          <ul id="ul_y23_brk_yy">
            <li>
              <uicontrol>Access Token:</uicontrol> your Twitter-provided token for making API
              requests.</li>
            <li>
              <uicontrol>Access Token Secret:</uicontrol> your Twitter-provided secret for making
              API requests.</li>
            <li>
              <uicontrol>API Key:</uicontrol> your Twitter-provided API key.</li>
            <li>
              <uicontrol>API Secret:</uicontrol> your Twitter-provided API secret.</li>
          </ul>
        </section>
        <section id="section_tqh_mp1_21b">
          <title>LinkedIn</title>
          <p>To share to LinkedIn, enter the following credentials for your LinkedIn API
            requests:</p>
          <ul id="ul_z23_brk_yy">
            <li>
              <uicontrol>API Key:</uicontrol> your LinkedIn-provided API key.</li>
            <li>
              <uicontrol>API Secret:</uicontrol> your LinkedIn-provided API secret.</li>
          </ul>
        </section>
        <section id="section_ur2_np1_21b">
          <title>Bitly</title>
          <p>To enable Bitly permalinks, enter the following information for your Bitly
            integration:</p>
          <ul id="ul_af3_brk_yy">
            <li>
              <uicontrol>Login:</uicontrol> your Bitly-provided end user username login.</li>
            <li>
              <uicontrol>API Key:</uicontrol> your Bitly-provided API key.</li>
          </ul>
        </section>
        <section id="section_blk_ccj_h1b">
          <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
          <ul id="ul_qzp_ccj_h1b">
            <li>
              <xref href="c_carousel_app.dita#c_carousel_app">Carousel</xref>
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="c_chat_app.dita#c_chat_app">Chat</xref>
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref>
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="c_feature_card_app.dita#c_feature_card_app">Feature Card</xref>
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="c_map_app.dita#c_map_app">Map</xref>
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="c_media_wall_app.dita#c_media_wall_app">Media Wall</xref>
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="c_mosaic_app.dita#c_mosaic_app">Mosaic</xref>
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="c_polls_app.dita#c_polls_app">Polls</xref>
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="c_reviews_app.dita#c_reviews_app">Reviews</xref>
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="c_sidenotes_app.dita#c_sidenotes_app">Sidenotes</xref>
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="c_storify2.dita#c_storify2">Storify 2</xref>
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="c_trending_app.dita#c_trending_app">Trending</xref>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </section>
      </conbody>
    </concept>
  </concept>
</dita>