<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd"[]>
<dita>
  <concept id="c_sort_features">
    <title>Sort Features</title>
    <shortdesc>You can choose various sorting options depending on the App and what you want site
      visitors to be able to do.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
      <metadata>
        <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager" />
      </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
      <p>On this page:</p>
      <ul id="ul_ohg_fnz_fcb">
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_sort_features/section_elc_hfs_d1b" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_sort_features/section_grr_hfs_d1b" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_sort_features/section_t4s_hfs_d1b" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_sort_features/section_cft_hfs_d1b" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_hot_threads" format="dita" />
        </li>
      </ul>
      <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">c_sort_features.dita</draft-comment>
      <section id="section_elc_hfs_d1b">
        <title>Sort by Rating</title>
        <p>This feature is only available for Reviews. Sort content by number of stars or other
          quality metric rating. </p>
        <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
        <ul id="ul_a4r_nw4_h1b">
          <li>
            <xref href="c_reviews_app.dita#c_reviews_app">Reviews</xref>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </section>
      <section id="section_grr_hfs_d1b">
        <title>Sort by Helpfulness</title>
        <p>This feature is only available for Reviews. Sort content by the number of site visitors
          that found a piece of content helpful. </p>
        <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
        <ul id="ul_grx_nw4_h1b">
          <li>
            <xref href="c_reviews_app.dita#c_reviews_app">Reviews</xref>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </section>
      <section id="section_t4s_hfs_d1b">
        <title>Sort by Newest to Oldest, First to Last</title>
        <p>For the Comments App, you can choose to allow users to sort from the most recently
          published content to least recently published content. </p>
        <p>In Storify 2, site visitors can sort from the first post to the last post or from the
          last post to the first post. Storify 2 posts appear in the order a moderator decides, not
          based on published time.</p>
        <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
        <ul id="ul_nth_4w4_h1b">
          <li>
            <xref href="c_chat_app.dita#c_chat_app">Chat</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_reviews_app.dita#c_reviews_app">Reviews</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_storify2.dita#c_storify2">Storify 2</xref>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </section>
      <section id="section_cft_hfs_d1b">
        <title>Top Comments</title>
        <p>Top Comments lists the 25 most liked comments in the conversation. The <uicontrol>Top
            Comments</uicontrol> view displays the 25 most liked comments in the Collection. If an
          original post receives the most likes, the post, but not its replies, will be listed. If a
          reply receives the most likes, its immediate parent, up to the top level post, will also
          be displayed. This list is not real-time, and will update only when the page is refreshed
          or another sort view (<uicontrol>Newest</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Oldest</uicontrol>) is
          selected.</p>
        <p>If a user posts a comment from the comment editor while viewing the <uicontrol>Top
            Comments</uicontrol> view, the user will be switched back to the
            <uicontrol>Newest</uicontrol> view. If a user likes or replies to one of the Top
          Comments, it will stream into the <uicontrol>Top Comments</uicontrol> view for the user to
          see.</p>
        <p>To optimize for performance, Livefyre caches data for up to 2 minutes. There may be a
          slight lag in the most recent likes that appear.</p>
        <p>If there are no comments in the Collection with likes, users will see the message
            <uicontrol>There are not enough likes yet</uicontrol>, and a link to <uicontrol>See
            what’s new</uicontrol>.</p>
        <note>Top Comments and Hot Threads may not be included in the same Collection.</note>
        <p>For information on enabling the Top Comments view, please see <uicontrol>Studio &gt; Network
            Settings</uicontrol>.</p>
        <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
        <ul id="ul_r2s_4w4_h1b">
          <li>
            <xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </section>
    </conbody>
    <concept id="c_hot_threads">
      <title>Hot Threads</title>
      <shortdesc>Displays the 25 most popular threads within the Collection, ordered by
        popularity.</shortdesc>
      <conbody>
        <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">c_hot_threads.dita</draft-comment>
        <p>The Hot Threads view displays the 25 most popular threads within the Collection, ordered
          by popularity. This includes all content in the Collection, including manual posts,
          content from SocialSync and content from Curate.</p>
        <note>Hot Threads is available on Comments, but not Live Blog or Chat.</note>
        <p>For more information on enabling the Hot Threads view, please see Studio &gt; Network
          Settings.</p>
        <section id="section_xhh_2dl_wy">
          <title>Previews</title>
          <p>Clicking <uicontrol>Hot Threads</uicontrol> at the top of the stream replaces the
            contents of the Collection with previews of up to 25 threads with the highest
            “popularity scores” from the Collection. A popularity score is calculated for each
            thread using Livefyre’s proprietary and evolving algorithm. The preview displays a top
            level comment, and up to 5 of the most popular replies, as well as the direct parent of
            each of these top 5 replies.</p>
          <p>If there are no threads in the stream with a popularity score, no comments will be
            displayed, and users will see the message <uicontrol>There are not enough threads
              yet</uicontrol> and a link to <uicontrol>See what’s new</uicontrol>.</p>
          <p>The Hot Threads list is not real-time, and will update only when the page is refreshed
            or another view (<uicontrol>Newest</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Oldest</uicontrol>) is
            selected. (If a comment is moderated and Bozo’d or trashed, it will be removed from the
            list immediately.)</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_zmf_ddl_wy">
          <title>Breakout View</title>
          <p>From the preview, click <uicontrol>Show entire Thread</uicontrol> to replace the Hot
            Threads view with a breakout view of the thread in context, including every reply within
            that thread. (No other threads are displayed in the breakout view.) Click <uicontrol>Hot
              Threads</uicontrol> to return to the Hot Threads view.</p>
          <p>Moderators can view all pending content in the breakout view and inline moderation is
            available. Likes, replies, edits and moderation actions will continue to stream in
            real-time in the breakout view.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_bmv_bdl_wy">
          <title>Posting from the Hot Threads View</title>
          <p>Posting a comment from the top comment box in the Hot Threads view will switch users
            back to the Newest view.</p>
          <p>Replies or Likes posted in the Hot Threads view will appear in the stream without
            changing views. Sorting options and the comment notifier are not available in the Hot
            Threads view.</p>
          <p>To optimize for performance, Livefyre caches data for up to 2 minutes. There may be a
            slight lag in the most recent Hot Threads that appear.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_blk_ccj_h1b">
          <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
          <ul id="ul_qzp_ccj_h1b">
            <li>
              <xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </section>
      </conbody>
    </concept>
  </concept>
</dita>