<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_sort_features">
 <title>Sort Features</title>
 <shortdesc>You can choose various sorting options depending on the App and what you want site
  visitors to be able to do.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <section id="section_elc_hfs_d1b">
   <title>Sort by Rating</title>
   <p>This feature is only available for Reviews. Sort content by number of stars or other quality
    metric rating. </p>
      <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
      <ul id="ul_a4r_nw4_h1b">
        <li><xref href="c_reviews_app.dita#c_reviews_app">Reviews</xref></li>
      </ul>
  </section>
  <section id="section_grr_hfs_d1b">
   <title>Sort by Helpfulness</title>
   <p>This feature is only available for Reviews. Sort content by the number of site visitors that
    found a piece of content helpful. </p>
      <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
      <ul id="ul_grx_nw4_h1b">
        <li><xref href="c_reviews_app.dita#c_reviews_app">Reviews</xref></li>
      </ul>
  </section>
  <section id="section_t4s_hfs_d1b">
   <title>Sort by Newest to Oldest, First to Last</title>
   <p>For the Comments App, you can choose to allow users to sort from the most recently published
    content to least recently published content. </p>
   <p>In Storify 2, site visitors can sort from the first post to the last post or from the last
    post to the first post. Storify 2 posts appear in the order a moderator decides, not based on
    published time.</p>
      <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
      <ul id="ul_nth_4w4_h1b">
        <li><xref href="c_chat_app.dita#c_chat_app">Chat</xref></li>
        <li><xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref></li>
        <li><xref href="c_reviews_app.dita#c_reviews_app">Reviews</xref></li>
        <li><xref href="c_storify2.dita#c_storify2">Storify 2</xref></li>
      </ul>
  </section>
  <section id="section_cft_hfs_d1b">
   <title>Top Comments</title>
   <p>Top Comments lists the 25 most liked comments in the conversation. The <uicontrol>Top
     Comments</uicontrol> view displays the 25 most liked comments in the Collection. If an original
    post receives the most likes, the post, but not its replies, will be listed. If a reply receives
    the most likes, its immediate parent, up to the top level post, will also be displayed. This
    list is not real-time, and will update only when the page is refreshed or another sort view
     (<uicontrol>Newest</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Oldest</uicontrol>) is selected.</p>
   <p>If a user posts a comment from the comment editor while viewing the <uicontrol>Top
     Comments</uicontrol> view, the user will be switched back to the <uicontrol>Newest</uicontrol>
    view. If a user likes or replies to one of the Top Comments, it will stream into the
     <uicontrol>Top Comments</uicontrol> view for the user to see.</p>
   <p>To optimize for performance, Livefyre caches data for up to 2 minutes. There may be a slight
    lag in the most recent likes that appear.</p>
   <p>If there are no comments in the Collection with likes, users will see the message
     <uicontrol>There are not enough likes yet</uicontrol>, and a link to <uicontrol>See what’s
     new</uicontrol>.</p>
   <note>Top Comments and Hot Threads may not be included in the same Collection.</note>
   <p>For information on enabling the Top Comments view, please see <uicontrol>Studio > Network
     Settings</uicontrol>.</p>
      <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
      <ul id="ul_r2s_4w4_h1b">
        <li><xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref></li>
      </ul>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
