<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_socialsync">
 <title>SocialSync</title>
 <shortdesc>Pull replies to an article’s content, shared on Facebook and Twitter, back to your
  page.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>With SocialSync, the conversation on Facebook and Twitter is synced directly back to properties
   you own and operate. When links to your blog posts and articles are shared on Twitter and
   Facebook, the replies made on those social networks will be pulled directly into the Collection
   on your web page in real-time. SocialSync is available only for Comments.</p>
  <p>When users reply to your post on Facebook or Twitter, the social media content will be
   seamlessly streamed into your Collection in real-time. Users can interact with social media
   content locally from your page, allowing Retweets, replies, and following/subscribing within the
   Collection, for seamless user interactions across social media platforms, increasing time on-site
   by enabling social conversation directly, rather than across multiple sites.</p>
  <p>SocialSync may be enabled through Studio. For more information, see Studio > Settings >
   SocialSync.</p>
  <section id="section_t14_kbf_wy">
   <title>SocialSync display</title>
   <p>Content from SocialSync may be identified by small Facebook or Twitter icons next to the
    content in the App.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_c31_jbf_wy">
   <title>Moderating SocialSync comments</title>
   <p>All content pulled into your page though SocialSync is passed through the Spam and Profanity
    filters before hitting your page.</p>
   <p>Network and Site Owners and Moderators may also moderate, delete, and filter SocialSync
    content through the Content panel in Studio.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_dkz_gbf_wy">
   <title>Facebook SocialSync</title>
   <p>To enable SocialSync for Facebook, your Facebook page (and any Facebook pages from which you
    hope to pull content) must have the following Facebook App settings enabled:</p>
   <ul id="ul_tsy_j3b_vy">
    <li><uicontrol>Privacy Settings > Who can see my stuff > Who can see your future posts >
      Public</uicontrol></li>
    <li><uicontrol>Followers Settings > Who can follow me > Everybody</uicontrol></li>
   </ul>
   <p>If these settings are not enabled for the Facebook page, SocialSync will be unable to pull
    content into your Livefyre App.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_f2y_fbf_wy">
   <title>Notes:</title>
   <ul id="ul_usy_j3b_vy">
    <li>On your Facebook Page, post a link to your Page status update. For best results, post the
     full URL to the article, but Bitly and other URL shorteners will work. Make sure that the
     clicked link leads to your blog post or article URL, and not a page inside an iFrame.</li>
    <li>To increase engagement, ask a question when you post the blog post or article URL to your
     Fan Page to elicit responses from your community.</li>
    <li>When people reply to the post on your Fan page, continue the conversation on your Fan Page
     and tag others that you would like to join the conversation to keep the dialog going.</li>
   </ul>
  </section>
  <section id="section_q55_2bf_wy">
   <title>Twitter SocialSync</title>
   <p>Twitter links may use Bit.ly or other URL shorteners. Livefyre will listen for the
    conversation URL, even if it is within a Bit.ly link or another shortened URL.</p>
   <note>There will be a short delay for Tweets to be posted back to the page. After activating
    SocialSync, content from Twitter will be synced back to your content with the next post you
    publish. Twitter SocialSync will not sync retroactively.</note>
  </section>
  <section id="section_q31_bbf_wy">
   <title>Notes:</title>
   <ul id="ul_vsy_j3b_vy">
    <li>Make sure Twitter SocialSync is enabled before creating your next blog post or article.
     Livefyre pulls Tweets on articles created <b><i>after</i></b> Twitter sync is activated.</li>
    <li>Sharing a blog post or article links on Twitter encourages visitors to do the same. Don’t be
     afraid to share the same content several times after you post it, to ensure your followers see
     it and get a chance to reply or Retweet.</li>
    <li>To increase engagement, ask a question that is relevant to the blog post or article to spark
     conversation. When someone replies on Twitter with an answer, it will be pulled into the
     Collection on your web page.</li>
    <li>If someone Retweets your link or replies to you on Twitter, follow up with a question on
     Twitter to continue the conversation. Tagging other Twitter users can also add to the quality
     of the conversation.</li>
    <li>When posting content into a Collection on your site, share it to Twitter to get another link
     back to your page using the Twitter share button. If someone replies on Twitter, the reply will
     be pulled into the Collection through SocialSync.</li>
   </ul>
  </section>
  <section>
   <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
   <ul id="ul_kfw_dbj_h1b">
    <li><xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref></li>
   </ul>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
