<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_styling_features">
 <title>Styling Features</title>
 <shortdesc>You can style your Livefyre Apps to behave in various ways or change them to look and
  feel like the rest of your brand campaign.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <section id="section_yjl_rfs_d1b">
   <title>Default Styling</title>
   <p>You can style an App in Studio in the App Designer without having to use livefyre.js to
    customize the App.</p>
   <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
   <ul id="ul_py2_vv4_h1b">
    <li><xref href="c_carousel_app.dita#c_carousel_app">Carousel</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_chat_app.dita#c_chat_app">Chat</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_feature_card_app.dita#c_feature_card_app">Feature Card</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_map_app.dita#c_map_app">Map</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_media_wall_app.dita#c_media_wall_app">Media Wall</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_mosaic_app.dita#c_mosaic_app">Mosaic</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_polls_app.dita#c_polls_app">Polls</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_reviews_app.dita#c_reviews_app">Reviews</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_sidenotes_app.dita#c_sidenotes_app">Sidenotes</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_storify2.dita#c_storify2">Storify 2</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_trending_app.dita#c_trending_app">Trending</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_upload_button_app.dita#c_upload_button_app">Upload Button</xref></li>
   </ul>
  </section>
  <section id="section_kl2_n4s_d1b">
   <title>Animation</title>
   <p>You can animate an App using CSS. </p>
   <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
   <ul id="ul_agl_vv4_h1b">
    <li><xref href="c_chat_app.dita#c_chat_app">Chat</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref></li>
   </ul>
  </section>
  <section id="section_yng_n4s_d1b">
   <title>CSS Styling and Branding</title>
   <p>Use CSS to style elements of a Livefyre App to fit your brand.</p>
   <p>Livefyre apps offer an extensive CSS styling interface, allowing you to customize your user
    experience to meet your current design standards.</p>
   <p>Styling options include:</p>
   <ul id="ul_ekr_k4b_vy">
    <li><uicontrol>Styling the Stream:</uicontrol> Livefyre streams may be styled and customized to
     fit your brand, and the rest of your site. For more information, see CSS Customizations.</li>
    <li><uicontrol>Styling the Comment Editor:</uicontrol> The comment editor may be customized by
     changing the color, size and family for your font, or by changing the background color for the
     comment box. For more information, see Editor CSS.</li>
    <li><uicontrol>Moving the Livefyre Logo:</uicontrol> While the default location for the Livefyre
     logo is at the top of the stream, this image may be removed, and replaced with a smaller
     “Powered by Livefyre” logo at the bottom of the stream. For more information, see Moving the
     Livefyre Logo.</li>
    <li><uicontrol>Hiding elements of the stream:</uicontrol> Elements of the stream may be hidden
     if they are not relevant to your community. Elements which may be removed include the reply
     button, edit profile menu, logout menu, comment notifier, and user avatars. For more
     information on removing these elements, see Hiding App Elements.</li>
    <li><uicontrol>Customizing the Friend Tagging Logo:</uicontrol> By default, the Livefyre logo is
     displayed in the friend tagging dropdown list for all users who have commented in the stream on
     the page. To replace this image with your own logo, please see Branding in Studio.</li>
   </ul>
   <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
   <ul id="ul_qzp_ccj_h1b">
    <li><xref href="c_carousel_app.dita#c_carousel_app">Carousel</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_chat_app.dita#c_chat_app">Chat</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_feature_card_app.dita#c_feature_card_app">Feature Card</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_map_app.dita#c_map_app">Map</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_media_wall_app.dita#c_media_wall_app">Media Wall</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_mosaic_app.dita#c_mosaic_app">Mosaic</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_polls_app.dita#c_polls_app">Polls</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_reviews_app.dita#c_reviews_app">Reviews</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_sidenotes_app.dita#c_sidenotes_app">Sidenotes</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_storify2.dita#c_storify2">Storify 2</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_trending_app.dita#c_trending_app">Trending</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_upload_button_app.dita#c_upload_button_app">Upload Button</xref></li>
   </ul>
  </section>
  <section id="section_dnc_s4s_d1b">
   <title>Date and Timestamp</title>
   <p>Change the date and timestamp format to meet your needs.</p>
   <p>By default, Livefyre Apps display a relative timestamp for posts to the stream (4 minutes ago,
    5 hours ago, 8 days ago, 2 months ago).</p>
   <p>You may customize the timestamp displayed using the Date and Timestamp Customization, which
    allows you to select from a list of available formats.</p>
   <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
   <ul id="ul_uqj_tv4_h1b">
    <li><xref href="c_carousel_app.dita#c_carousel_app">Carousel</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_chat_app.dita#c_chat_app">Chat</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_feature_card_app.dita#c_feature_card_app">Feature Card</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_map_app.dita#c_map_app">Map</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_media_wall_app.dita#c_media_wall_app">Media Wall</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_mosaic_app.dita#c_mosaic_app">Mosaic</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_reviews_app.dita#c_reviews_app">Reviews</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_sidenotes_app.dita#c_sidenotes_app">Sidenotes</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_storify2.dita#c_storify2">Storify 2</xref></li>
   </ul>
  </section>
  <section id="section_ldf_s4s_d1b">
   <title>Manage Embedded Media</title>
   <p>Define the sources from which users may post media, and those from which media posts will be
    banned.</p>
   <p>By default, all media attachments can be embedded into comments. For a comprehensive list of
    supported providers, see embed.ly/providers.</p>
   <p>Livefyre uses Embed.ly, and standard oEmbed protocols, to embed media in App streams, and will
    pass through all media data provided by its source.</p>
   <p>Embed.ly will pass through all available information, including the media’s title,
    description, thumbnail, and embed code for any provided URL. The availability of these items
    varies by provider. For example: Facebook does not return thumbnails for its videos, and passes
    only an embeddable video. Clicking Play will start the video (similar to YouTube’s display
    format). Twitter passes only static images, and does not send down videos. Therefore, Twitter
    native videos may not be played from within a Livefyre stream.</p>
   <p>You may prevent certain attachments from being embedded into comments when embedding the
    comment stream. You may also choose to hide all Embed.ly expansions on the network, site and
    conversation level using Studio, displaying only links to the media, not fully embedded
    media.</p>
   <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
   <ul id="ul_yv5_1w4_h1b">
    <li><xref href="c_feature_card_app.dita#c_feature_card_app">Feature Card</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_map_app.dita#c_map_app">Map</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_media_wall_app.dita#c_media_wall_app">Media Wall</xref></li>
   </ul>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
