<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_style_user_group_content">
 <title>Style User Group Content</title>
 <shortdesc>Use custom styling to differentiate your users.</shortdesc>
 <prolog>
  <metadata>
   <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
  </metadata>
 </prolog>
 <conbody>
  <p>Livefyre offers custom styling features which allow you to customize content posted by specific
   user types (such as moderators, editors, or any other User Group you wish to define) to Livefyre
   Chat, Comments, Reviews, or Live Blog Apps. This allows you to highlight this content to your
   users.</p>
  <p>To add custom styling, first create and assign User Groups using Studio’s User Tags field.
   Then, use CSS to create styling options for each group, and highlight group affiliation using
   badges, allowing you to differentiate one Group’s content from another’s on your site. User
   Groups allow your team to set the tone for conversation, and your users to express their own
   identities and affiliations.</p>
  <p>To add custom styling for specific User Groups:</p>
  <ul id="ul_q3l_1pl_wz">
   <li>Create User Groups</li>
   <li>Add Users to Groups</li>
   <li>Style using CSS</li>
  </ul>
  <section id="section_sjf_2zw_2cb">
   <title>Create User Groups</title>
   <p>User Groups and User Tags are equivalent in Studio. Adding a user to a User Group appends a
    User Tag to their account, which you can style using the Livefyre CSS customizations.</p>
   <p>All users who have posted content into a Collection may be added to one or more User Groups
    through Studio. This includes both banned and whitelisted users, and content originating with
    SocialSync and Curate.</p>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
