<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd"[]>
<dita>
  <concept id="c_styling_features">
    <title>Styling Features</title>
    <shortdesc>You can style your Livefyre Apps to behave in various ways or change them to look and
      feel like the rest of your brand campaign.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
      <metadata>
        <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager" />
      </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
      <p>On this page:</p>
      <ul id="ul_vg2_tmz_fcb">
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_styling_features/section_yjl_rfs_d1b" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_styling_features/section_kl2_n4s_d1b" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_styling_features/section_yng_n4s_d1b" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_styling_features/section_dnc_s4s_d1b" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_styling_features/section_ldf_s4s_d1b" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_avatars" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_hovercards" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#c_user_badges" format="dita" />
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="#t_add_user_tags" format="dita" />
        </li>
      </ul>
      <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">c_styling_features.dita</draft-comment>
      <section id="section_yjl_rfs_d1b">
        <title>Default Styling</title>
        <p>You can style an App in Studio in the App Designer without having to use livefyre.js to
          customize the App.</p>
        <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
        <ul id="ul_py2_vv4_h1b">
          <li>
            <xref href="c_carousel_app.dita#c_carousel_app">Carousel</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_chat_app.dita#c_chat_app">Chat</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_feature_card_app.dita#c_feature_card_app">Feature Card</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_map_app.dita#c_map_app">Map</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_media_wall_app.dita#c_media_wall_app">Media Wall</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_mosaic_app.dita#c_mosaic_app">Mosaic</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_polls_app.dita#c_polls_app">Polls</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_reviews_app.dita#c_reviews_app">Reviews</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_sidenotes_app.dita#c_sidenotes_app">Sidenotes</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_storify2.dita#c_storify2">Storify 2</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_trending_app.dita#c_trending_app">Trending</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_upload_button_app.dita#c_upload_button_app">Upload Button</xref>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </section>
      <section id="section_kl2_n4s_d1b">
        <title>Animation</title>
        <p>You can animate an App using CSS. </p>
        <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
        <ul id="ul_agl_vv4_h1b">
          <li>
            <xref href="c_chat_app.dita#c_chat_app">Chat</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </section>
      <section id="section_yng_n4s_d1b">
        <title>CSS Styling and Branding</title>
        <p>Use CSS to style elements of a Livefyre App to fit your brand.</p>
        <p>Livefyre apps offer an extensive CSS styling interface, allowing you to customize your
          user experience to meet your current design standards.</p>
        <p>Styling options include:</p>
        <ul id="ul_ekr_k4b_vy">
          <li>
            <uicontrol>Styling the Stream:</uicontrol> Livefyre streams may be styled and
            customized to fit your brand, and the rest of your site. For more information, see CSS
            Customizations.</li>
          <li>
            <uicontrol>Styling the Comment Editor:</uicontrol> The comment editor may be
            customized by changing the color, size and family for your font, or by changing the
            background color for the comment box. For more information, see Editor CSS.</li>
          <li>
            <uicontrol>Moving the Livefyre Logo:</uicontrol> While the default location for the
            Livefyre logo is at the top of the stream, this image may be removed, and replaced with
            a smaller “Powered by Livefyre” logo at the bottom of the stream. For more information,
            see Moving the Livefyre Logo.</li>
          <li>
            <uicontrol>Hiding elements of the stream:</uicontrol> Elements of the stream may be
            hidden if they are not relevant to your community. Elements which may be removed include
            the reply button, edit profile menu, logout menu, comment notifier, and user avatars.
            For more information on removing these elements, see Hiding App Elements.</li>
          <li>
            <uicontrol>Customizing the Friend Tagging Logo:</uicontrol> By default, the Livefyre
            logo is displayed in the friend tagging dropdown list for all users who have commented
            in the stream on the page. To replace this image with your own logo, please see Branding
            in Studio.</li>
        </ul>
        <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
        <ul id="ul_qzp_ccj_h1b">
          <li>
            <xref href="c_carousel_app.dita#c_carousel_app">Carousel</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_chat_app.dita#c_chat_app">Chat</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_feature_card_app.dita#c_feature_card_app">Feature Card</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_map_app.dita#c_map_app">Map</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_media_wall_app.dita#c_media_wall_app">Media Wall</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_mosaic_app.dita#c_mosaic_app">Mosaic</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_polls_app.dita#c_polls_app">Polls</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_reviews_app.dita#c_reviews_app">Reviews</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_sidenotes_app.dita#c_sidenotes_app">Sidenotes</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_storify2.dita#c_storify2">Storify 2</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_trending_app.dita#c_trending_app">Trending</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_upload_button_app.dita#c_upload_button_app">Upload Button</xref>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </section>
      <section id="section_dnc_s4s_d1b">
        <title>Date and Timestamp</title>
        <p>Change the date and timestamp format to meet your needs.</p>
        <p>By default, Livefyre Apps display a relative timestamp for posts to the stream (4 minutes
          ago, 5 hours ago, 8 days ago, 2 months ago).</p>
        <p>You may customize the timestamp displayed using the Date and Timestamp Customization,
          which allows you to select from a list of available formats.</p>
        <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
        <ul id="ul_uqj_tv4_h1b">
          <li>
            <xref href="c_carousel_app.dita#c_carousel_app">Carousel</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_chat_app.dita#c_chat_app">Chat</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_feature_card_app.dita#c_feature_card_app">Feature Card</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_map_app.dita#c_map_app">Map</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_media_wall_app.dita#c_media_wall_app">Media Wall</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_mosaic_app.dita#c_mosaic_app">Mosaic</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_reviews_app.dita#c_reviews_app">Reviews</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_sidenotes_app.dita#c_sidenotes_app">Sidenotes</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_storify2.dita#c_storify2">Storify 2</xref>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </section>
      <section id="section_ldf_s4s_d1b">
        <title>Manage Embedded Media</title>
        <p>Define the sources from which users may post media, and those from which media posts will
          be banned.</p>
        <p>By default, all media attachments can be embedded into comments. For a comprehensive list
          of supported providers, see embed.ly/providers.</p>
        <p>Livefyre uses Embed.ly, and standard oEmbed protocols, to embed media in App streams, and
          will pass through all media data provided by its source.</p>
        <p>Embed.ly will pass through all available information, including the media’s title,
          description, thumbnail, and embed code for any provided URL. The availability of these
          items varies by provider. For example: Facebook does not return thumbnails for its videos,
          and passes only an embeddable video. Clicking Play will start the video (similar to
          YouTube’s display format). Twitter passes only static images, and does not send down
          videos. Therefore, Twitter native videos may not be played from within a Livefyre
          stream.</p>
        <p>You may prevent certain attachments from being embedded into comments when embedding the
          comment stream. You may also choose to hide all Embed.ly expansions on the network, site
          and conversation level using Studio, displaying only links to the media, not fully
          embedded media.</p>
        <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
        <ul id="ul_yv5_1w4_h1b">
          <li>
            <xref href="c_feature_card_app.dita#c_feature_card_app">Feature Card</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_map_app.dita#c_map_app">Map</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_media_wall_app.dita#c_media_wall_app">Media Wall</xref>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </section>
    </conbody>
    <concept id="c_avatars">
      <title>Avatars</title>
      <shortdesc>Allow users to customize the image that displays with their content.</shortdesc>
      <conbody>
        <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">c_avatars.dita</draft-comment>
        <p>User avatars are displayed (by default) next to content in all Apps, and are pulled from
          the identity profile system used in your implementation. These avatars vary in size,
          according to the App in which they are displayed.</p>
        <p>(Livefyre allows you to Disable Avatars if you do not wish to display them in your
          Apps.)</p>
        <note>Avatars are displayed at 25p x 25p for Chat, and 50p x 50p within most other
          Apps.</note>
        <section id="section_zbh_x1f_wy">
          <title>Avatar storage</title>
          <p>Avatars are loaded asynchronously in Livefyre. When a user first signs into the App, or
            changes their associated avatar image file, their profile image is added to a task
            queue. (A default avatar is displayed temporarily while your user’s is uploaded to the
            Livefyre avatar storage location.)</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_mqh_p1f_wy">
          <title>Gravatars</title>
          <p>Livefyre supports the use of Gravatars. If a user does not have a custom avatar as part
            of their user profile, Livefyre will check for a Gravatar for that user. If no Gravatar
            exists, the default avatar will be used.</p>
          <p>If Comments has been embedded using the Livefyre WordPress Plugin, the user’s Gravatar
            will be used if the following conditions are met:</p>
          <ul id="ul_ep4_qdx_vy">
            <li>Gravatar has been activated in the WordPress admin panel, and</li>
            <li>the user has a Gravatar account, and</li>
            <li>a custom avatar is not provided.</li>
          </ul>
          <p>For more information, see the WordPress Gravatar documentation.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_blk_ccj_h1b">
          <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
          <ul id="ul_qzp_ccj_h1b">
            <li>
              <xref href="c_carousel_app.dita#c_carousel_app">Carousel</xref>
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="c_chat_app.dita#c_chat_app">Chat</xref>
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref>
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="c_feature_card_app.dita#c_feature_card_app">Feature Card</xref>
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="c_map_app.dita#c_map_app">Map</xref>
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="c_media_wall_app.dita#c_media_wall_app">Media Wall</xref>
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="c_mosaic_app.dita#c_mosaic_app">Mosaic</xref>
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="c_reviews_app.dita#c_reviews_app">Reviews</xref>
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="c_storify2.dita#c_storify2">Storify 2</xref>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </section>
      </conbody>
    </concept>
    <concept id="c_hovercards">
      <title>Hovercards</title>
      <shortdesc>Enable or disable user hovercards across your site.</shortdesc>
      <conbody>
        <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">c_hovercards.dita</draft-comment>
        <p>The Livefyre Hovercard is a popup that displays a quick snapshot of user information,
          including display name, bio, social networks, user likes, profile page URL and a link to
          view their full profile. Hovercards are available for all Livefyre streams, including
          Comments, Live Blog, and Chat.</p>
        <note>Hovercards may be switched on or off at the network level only, and are implemented or
          disabled across all sites under your custom network. Please contact your Account Manager
          if you would like hovercards switched on for your network.</note>
        <section id="section_zjl_jtk_wy">
          <title>Viewing Hovercards</title>
          <p>When you hover over a user’s avatar on Comments, Live Blog or Chat, their Hovercard
            will appear.</p>
          <p>Clicking <uicontrol>View Full Profile</uicontrol> will take the user to the full
            profile page for that user.</p>
          <note>Hovercards display information included with your User Profile system. Any fields
            not included in that system will not be displayed in the hovercards. If you do not have
            public profile pages, no page will be displayed. If you wish to disable Hovercards for
            your custom network, please contact your Technical Account Manager.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="section_blk_ccj_h1b">
          <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
          <ul id="ul_qzp_ccj_h1b">
            <li>
              <xref href="c_chat_app.dita#c_chat_app">Chat</xref>
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref>
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="c_reviews_app.dita#c_reviews_app">Reviews</xref>
            </li>
            <li>
              <xref href="c_sidenotes_app.dita#c_sidenotes_app">Sidenotes</xref>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </section>
      </conbody>
    </concept>
    <concept id="c_user_badges">
      <title>User Badges</title>
      <shortdesc>Use CSS with User Tags to create User Badges for members of your
        community.</shortdesc>
      <conbody>
        <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">c_user_badges.dita</draft-comment>
        <p>User Badges are custom styling features, which allow you to style Livefyre content posted
          by specific user types (such as moderators, editors, or any other User Group you wish to
          define) to Livefyre Chat, Comments, Reviews, or Live Blog Apps. This allows you to
          highlight this content to your users.</p>
        <p>Apps that use this feature:</p>
        <ul id="ul_qzp_ccj_h1b">
          <li>
            <xref href="c_chat_app.dita#c_chat_app">Chat</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_reviews_app.dita#c_reviews_app">Reviews</xref>
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="c_sidenotes_app.dita#c_sidenotes_app">Sidenotes</xref>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </conbody>
    </concept>
    <task id="t_add_user_tags">
      <title>Add User Tags to an Account</title>
      <shortdesc>Add a User Tag to the account to apply User Badges.</shortdesc>
      <taskbody>
        <steps id="steps_qbw_pmk_mbb">
          <step>
            <cmd>
              <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">t_add_user_tags.dita</draft-comment>Create Owners and Moderators through Studio to
              assign the <uicontrol>Moderator</uicontrol> User Tag to the account.</cmd>
          </step>
          <step>
            <cmd>Create user groups, then add users to them through Studio to apply Tags with the
              group name to the selected users.</cmd>
          </step>
          <step>
            <cmd>Apply User Tags directly to Accounts using the Add User Tag HTTP call or Ping for
              Pull.</cmd>
          </step>
        </steps>
      </taskbody>
    </task>
  </concept>
</dita>