<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_throttling_and_frequency_of_tweets">
 <title>Throttling and Frequency of Tweets</title>
 <shortdesc>Not every tweet that matches a rule appears in a stream.</shortdesc>
 <prolog>
  <metadata>
   <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
  </metadata>
 </prolog>
 <conbody>
  <p>Twitter rule throttling and Twitter feed interruptions can limit the number of Tweets visible
   in the stream.</p>
  <note>To guarantee that specific Tweets are included in your stream, use the Upload Asset option
   from the All Assets page.</note>
  <ul id="ul_nbc_3cm_tz">
   <li>
    <p>Twitter Rules throttle content, pulling 1 Tweet per rule every 5 seconds. This allows content
     appearing in Livefyre Apps to be more balanced, and not become overwhelmed with Tweets.
     Limiting incoming Tweets in this manner also helps to prevent the stream from becoming flooded
     or unreadable during high traffic periods.</p>
    <note>To ensure that your high-value authors’ content appears in your Apps, even in
     high-velocity streams, Rules for specific authors are never throttled.</note>
   </li>
   <li>Twitter feed interruptions may occur for several reasons. In some cases, Twitter does not
    push out Tweets, therefore Livefyre does not receive notification of the new content, and it
    cannot be displayed. Service interruptions of Twitter’s APIs, or traffic on high volume
    hashtags/keywords, may also result in missed Tweets.</li>
  </ul>
 </conbody>
</concept>
