<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_trending_integration">
 <title>Trending Integration</title>
 <shortdesc>Showcase the most active Collections on your Site or Network.</shortdesc>
   <prolog>
      <metadata>
         <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
      </metadata>
   </prolog>
 <conbody>
  <p>Use Trending to showcase the Collections with the most recent activity in your Site or
   Network.</p>
  <section id="section_wtz_whb_c1b">
   <title>Integration</title>
   <p>The quickest way to integrate with Trending is to use the built version hosted on Livefyre’s
    CDN.</p>
   <p>First, add <xref href="https://github.com/Livefyre/Livefyre.js" format="html" scope="external"
     >Livefyre.js</xref> to your page.</p>
   <codeblock>&lt;script src="//cdn.livefyre.com/Livefyre.js">&lt;/script>
</codeblock>
   <p>Then, position the element in which the App will appear.</p>
   <codeblock>&lt;div id="trending">&lt;/div></codeblock>
   <p>Finally, use <codeph>Livefyre.require</codeph> to construct the component.</p>
   <codeblock>&lt;script>
Livefyre.require([
   'streamhub-hot-collections#0'
], function(Trending) {    
   var app = new Trending({
      el: document.getElementById("trending"),
      network: 'livefyre.com'
   });
   app.start();
});
&lt;/script></codeblock>
   <p>You now have a Trending App! See this all in action in <xref
     href="http://codepen.io/gobengo/pen/GijEy" format="html" scope="external">this
    example</xref>.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_k5k_qhb_c1b">
   <title>Configuration</title>
   <p><codeph>network</codeph></p>
   <p>The Network from which Collections will be pulled. (Required.)</p>
   <codeblock>
var trending = new Trending({
   el: document.getElementById('trending'),
   network: 'livefyre.com'
});</codeblock>
   <p><codeph>siteId</codeph></p>
   <p>Provide the Site ID to show Collections only from a single Site within your Network.
    (Optional.)</p>
   <codeblock>var trending = new Trending({
   el: document.getElementById('trending'),
   network: 'livefyre.com',
   siteId: 4
});</codeblock>
   <p><codeph>tag</codeph></p>
   <p>Provide a single Collection tag to show only Collections with that tag. (Optional.)</p>
   <codeblock>
var trending = new Trending({
   el: document.getElementById('trending'),
   network: 'livefyre.com',
   siteId: 4,
   tag: 'basketball'
});</codeblock>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
