<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_tumblr_rules">
 <title>Tumblr Rules</title>
 <shortdesc>You can create Stream rules that pull content from Tumblr.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
 <conbody>
  <p>Create Tumblr rules based on a Tumblr blog and filtered by tag. Tumblr streams update every 5
   minutes, looking for content that does not already exist in Livefyre from the first 20 items in
   the feed. Livefyre ignores everything past the first 20 items in the feed.</p>
  <p>To create Tumblr Rules to pull content from Tumblr into your App or Folder, you can filter
   by:</p>
  <ul id="ul_ozz_gcm_tz">
   <li><uicontrol>Blog</uicontrol><ul id="ul_pzz_gcm_tz">
     <li>Enter the <uicontrol>Blog Name</uicontrol> for the Tumblr blog. Enter the URL
              (<i>staff.tumblr.com</i>) or the name of the blog (<i>staff</i>).</li>
     <li>Include up to one <uicontrol>Tag</uicontrol> to filter results by posts including a given
      tag.</li>
    </ul></li>
   <li><uicontrol>Include recent items.</uicontrol> If this is set to:<ul id="ul_rzz_gcm_tz">
     <li><uicontrol>Enabled</uicontrol>, Livefyre adds the first 20 content items in your feed to
      the stream, regardless of the publication date.</li>
     <li><uicontrol>Disabled</uicontrol>, Livefyre adds the first 20 content items in your feed to
      the stream with a publication date that is the same as the stream rule creation date or
      later.</li>
    </ul></li>
  </ul>
    <p>For additional Stream rule options for all Stream rules, see <xref
        href="c_stream_rule_options_for_all_stream_rules.dita#c_stream_rule_options_for_all_stream_rules"
        >Stream Rule Options for All Stream Rules</xref>. </p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
