<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept id="c_ugc_commerce">
  <title>UGC Commerce </title>
  <shortdesc>Deliver product-specific UGC at specific points of the customer journey to increase
  purchase intent and conversion using the UGC Commerce feature.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager" />
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>On this page:</p>
    <ul id="ul_vlc_1lf_kcb">
      <li>
        <xref href="#c_ugc_commerce/section_s2d_tln_n1b" format="dita" />
      </li>
      <li>
        <xref href="#c_ugc_commerce/section_n1s_4hz_m1b" format="dita" />
      </li>
      <li>
        <xref href="#c_ugc_commerce/section_os1_v4t_n1b" format="dita">Using ModQ with UGC
          Commerce</xref>
      </li>
      <li>
        <xref href="#c_ugc_commerce/section_qtj_v4t_n1b" format="dita">Using Streams with UGC
          Commerce</xref>
      </li>
    </ul>
    <p>Use the UGC Commerce feature to influence purchase intent and conversion on UGC and product
   detail pages. Speed time to market by seamlessly associating UGC with product inventory. Build
   brand loyalty by creating community using UGC to highlight authentic customer stories. </p>
    <p>AEM Livefyre provides several ways to import product catalog information, including SKU,
   thumbnail images, price, and product name. Easily manage the association of products with UGC by
   using AEM Livefyre’s rights requests, auto-stream rule tagging, and moderation workflows.</p>
    <p>In addition to influencing purchasing, the capabilities in AEM Livefyre’s UGC commerce offering
   can be leveraged to drive conversions in other ways including:</p>
    <ul id="ul_amp_4db_q1b">
      <li>B2B lead generation: place Call-to-action buttons under UGC to capture leads</li>
      <li>B2C App downloads: prompt users to download an App</li>
      <li>Article referrals: link users to articles related to pieces of UGC</li>
    </ul>
    <p>Place product call-to-actions alongside UGC to drive conversion. You can:</p>
    <ul id="ul_pcz_pdb_q1b">
      <li>Add product-specific UGC at scale to thousands of product detail pages.</li>
      <li>Embed AEM Livefyre’s visualization apps that support UGC commerce capabilities such as Media
    Wall and Mosaic on product detail pages.</li>
      <li>Use configurable referral tracking codes with an analytics solution to measure the
    conversions from product CTAs placed on UGC and UGC placed on product detail pages.</li>
    </ul>
    <p>AEM Commerce users can seamlessly integrate their existing product catalog into Livefyre to
   drive user engagement in Livefyre's visualization Apps. Livefyre users who do not use AEM
   Commerce can manually import their product catalogs into Livefyre. See <xref href="#c_ugc_commerce/section_n1s_4hz_m1b" format="dita">Upload Products to Livefyre Using File
    Upload</xref>, for more. </p>
    <p>Apps that use this feature: </p>
    <ul id="ul_z4m_2x2_31b">
      <li>
        <xref href="c_feature_card_app.dita#c_feature_card_app">Feature Card</xref>. For information
        on how to use UGC Commerce in a Feature Card, see <xref
          href="c_feature_card_app.dita#r_feature_card_customizations/section_uds_gzm_5y">Feature
          Card Customizations</xref>.</li>
      <li>
        <xref href="c_filmstrip_app.dita#concept_jpc_n2j_jbb">Filmstrip</xref>. For information on
        how to use UGC Commerce in a Filmstrip, see <xref href="c_filmstrip_app.dita#concept_jpc_n2j_jbb/section_ldf_sqc_vbb" />.</li>
      <li>
        <xref href="c_media_wall_app.dita#c_media_wall_app">Media Wall</xref>. For information on
        how to use UGC Commerce in a Media Wall, see <xref href="r_media_wall_customizations.dita#r_media_wall_customizations">Media Wall
          Customizations</xref>.</li>
      <li>
        <xref href="c_mosaic_app.dita#c_mosaic_app">Mosaic</xref>. For information on how to use UGC
    Commerce in a Mosaic, see <xref href="r_mosaic_customizations.dita#r_mosaic_customizations">Mosaic Customizations</xref>.</li>
    </ul>
    <section id="section_s2d_tln_n1b">
      <title>Overview: How to use the UGC Commerce Call-to-action Button</title>
      <ol id="ol_x1g_cmn_n1b">
        <li>Create an App with a Call-to-action Button. See <xref href="#c_ugc_commerce/section_wxx_xfz_31b" format="dita">Add an Action Button to an
     App</xref>.</li>
        <li>Add your product catalog to Livefyre. You can import content in one of two ways:<ul id="ul_ttw_kp1_q1b"><li><xref href="t_associate_products_with_ugc_using_aem_commerce.dita#t_associate_products_with_ugc_using_aem_commerce">Import Products into Livefyre Using AEM Commerce</xref> if you use AEM Commerce.</li><li><xref href="#c_ugc_commerce/section_n1s_4hz_m1b" format="dita">Upload Products to
        Livefyre</xref> if you do not use AEM Commerce.</li></ul></li>
        <li>Associate products with content. You can do this in one of four ways:<ul id="ul_vz3_qp1_q1b"><li>From the Library. See <xref href="t_associate_products_with_content_using_the_library.dita#t_associate_products_with_content_using_the_library">Associate Products with Content Using the Library</xref></li><li>From ModQ. See <xref href="t_approve_content_from_modq.dita#t_approve_content_from_modq">Moderate Content Using ModQ</xref></li><li>From App Content. See <xref href="t_add_a_call_to_action_button_to_an_app.dita#t_add_a_call_to_action_button_to_an_app">Add a Call-to-action Button to an App</xref></li><li>From a Stream. See <xref href="c_stream_rule_options_for_all_stream_rules.dita#c_stream_rule_options_for_all_stream_rules">Stream Rule Options for All Stream Rules</xref>.</li></ul></li>
      </ol>
    </section>
    <section id="section_n1s_4hz_m1b">
      <title>Upload Products to Livefyre Using File Upload</title>
      <p>Upload products to use with your Call-to-Action Button to add products to associate with
    content or to edit and delete existing files.</p>
      <note>Uploading a file into a folder with existing files will delete all the files in that folder
    and overwrite them with the new file. </note>
      <p>
        <ol id="ol_ttw_rhz_m1b">
          <li>Navigate to <uicontrol>Network Settings &gt; Products.</uicontrol></li>
          <li>Create a <uicontrol>Product Folder</uicontrol> or use an existing <uicontrol>Product
       Folder</uicontrol>.</li>
          <li>Click on the <uicontrol>Product Folder</uicontrol> to select it.</li>
          <li>Click the <uicontrol>Upload Products</uicontrol> button.</li>
          <li>Upload a product file in one of the following formats:<ul id="ul_qzp_snc_vbb"><li>Google Products file format</li><li>Livefyre format (see below)</li></ul><p>Upload a JSON file in the standard format. You can download a template to see an
              example of the standard format. The following is an example of one product line in a
              template. It follows the sequence <codeph>{"key": "value", "key": "value"}, {"key":
                "value", "key": "value"}</codeph>:
              </p><codeblock>{"id": "1", "title": "Flex RN 2017", "isFolder": false, "description": "Flex RN 2017", "price": "$85", "sku": "sku11111", "summary": "This brand is a member of the Sustainable Apparel Coalition", "features": "Cushioning: Lightweight, flexible response", "url": "www.shopping.com/shoes-flex-rn-2017/product/9", "attributes": [{"type": "color", "value": "blue"}</codeblock><p>The
              table explains the key and value pairs you need to upload products:</p><table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_x41_fkv_n1b"><title>Key/Value Pairs for Product Catalog Upload Standard Format</title><tgroup cols="3"><colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1.0*" /><colspec colname="newCol2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*" /><colspec colname="c2" colnum="3" colwidth="1.0*" /><thead><row><entry>Key</entry><entry>Type</entry><entry>Description</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry><codeph>id</codeph></entry><entry>String</entry><entry>Unique ID of the product.</entry></row><row><entry><codeph>oembed</codeph></entry><entry>Object</entry><entry>Image attachment 0embed $ref: '../partials/schemas.yaml#/oEmbed'</entry></row><row><entry><codeph>title</codeph></entry><entry>String</entry><entry>Product title.</entry></row><row><entry><codeph>isFolder</codeph></entry><entry>Boolean</entry><entry>If true, the product is treated like a folder (for example, mens, womens,
                      etc.).</entry></row><row><entry><codeph>parentId</codeph></entry><entry>String</entry><entry>Defines what folder the product is under.</entry></row><row><entry><codeph>description</codeph></entry><entry>String</entry><entry>Description of the product.</entry></row><row><entry><codeph>price</codeph></entry><entry>String</entry><entry>Value of the product in dollars. For example, '23.36.' </entry></row><row><entry><codeph>sku</codeph></entry><entry>String</entry><entry>Stock keeping unit (SKU) of the product.</entry></row><row><entry><codeph>url</codeph></entry><entry>String</entry><entry>Link to the product page.</entry></row><row><entry><codeph>enabled</codeph></entry><entry>Boolean</entry><entry>A value of True means the product is active.</entry></row><row><entry><codeph>attributes</codeph></entry><entry>Array</entry><entry><p>Types and values that define the product (for example, color, size, etc.). This is an array of
                        objects.</p><p>Properties:</p><ul id="ul_rkb_z3w_41b"><li><codeph>type</codeph><ul id="ul_j5z_zkw_41b">
                            <li>Type: String</li>
                            <li>Description: Color, size</li>
                          </ul></li><li><codeph>value</codeph><ul id="ul_pyh_blw_41b">
                            <li>Type: String</li>
                            <li>Description: Green, XS</li>
                          </ul></li></ul></entry></row><row><entry><codeph>tags</codeph></entry><entry>Array</entry><entry><p>Tags defining categories of content (for example, cars, shoes, etc.). This is an array of
                        strings.</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></li>
        </ol>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_os1_v4t_n1b">
      <title id="title_mrw_svf_p1b">ModQ</title>
      <p>You can associate content with products from your product catalog in ModQ in line with your
        existing moderation workflows. For information on how to use UGC Commerce with ModQ, see
          <xref href="t_approve_content_from_modq.dita#t_approve_content_from_modq">Moderate Content
          Using ModQ</xref>.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_qtj_v4t_n1b">
      <title>Streams</title>
      <p>You can automatically associate products to content using stream rules, then publish the
    content automatically to an App, save it in the Library, or Moderate it using ModQ. For more
    information on how to use UGC Commerce with Stream Rules, see <xref href="c_stream_rule_options_for_all_stream_rules.dita#c_stream_rule_options_for_all_stream_rules">Stream Rule Options for All Stream Rules</xref>.</p>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>