<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_upload_button_text_strings">
 <title>Upload Button Text Strings</title>
 <shortdesc>You can modify these text strings for the Upload Button.</shortdesc>
 <prolog>
  <metadata>
   <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
  </metadata>
 </prolog>
 <conbody>
  <section id="section_zwm_d5m_nz">
   <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_bfq_wjj_yy">
    <tgroup cols="3">
     <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1.0*"/>
     <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1.0*"/>
     <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1.0*"/>
     <thead>
      <row>
       <entry>Category</entry>
       <entry>Element</entry>
       <entry>Affected Feature</entry>
      </row>
     </thead>
     <tbody>
      <row>
       <entry/>
       <entry>Destination</entry>
       <entry>Choose the App you will use to display the content from the Upload Button. You can not
        display the Upload Button in Polls, Trending, or Storify 2. Set the destination to Moderate
        to moderate content users upload using the Upload button.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Style Options</entry>
       <entry>Corners</entry>
       <entry>Configure the corners of the buttons to be rounded or square.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Configuration</entry>
       <entry/>
       <entry/>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry/>
       <entry>Allow User Posts</entry>
       <entry>Choose whether site visitors can use the upload button to post text, photos, or
        videos. If an site visitor is not authenticated, they will not be able to use the Upload
        Button.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry/>
       <entry>Include Title</entry>
       <entry>Enable site visitors to enter a title with the content they upload. By default, site
        visitors can comment. Enabling this makes a title and comment as part of the content the
        site visitor uploads.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry/>
       <entry>Require Media</entry>
       <entry>Require site visitors to upload a photo or video in order to post content using the
        Upload Button.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Text Configuration</entry>
       <entry>Upload Button Text</entry>
       <entry>Configure the text displayed on the Upload Button.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry/>
       <entry>Comment Modal Title</entry>
       <entry>Title of the window that displays when the site visitor clicks the Upload
        Button.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry/>
       <entry>Comment Modal Button</entry>
       <entry>Text that displays in the window where the site visitor uploads content after they
        click the Upload Button.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry/>
       <entry>Comment Modal Title Input</entry>
       <entry>Allow the site visitor to enter a title with their upload. You can modify the content
        that displays here if you selected “Include Title.”</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry/>
       <entry>Comment Modal Message Input</entry>
       <entry>Allow the site visitor to enter a message with their upload.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry/>
       <entry>Confirmation Modal Title Text</entry>
       <entry>The title of the window that confirms to the site visitor that they uploaded content
        successfully.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry/>
       <entry>Confirmation Modal Description Text</entry>
       <entry>The text that displays in the window that confirms to the site visitor that they
        uploaded content successfully.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry/>
       <entry>Confirmation Modal Done Button</entry>
       <entry>The text of button that displays in the window that confirms to the site visitor that
        they uploaded content successfully.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry/>
       <entry>Enable Header</entry>
       <entry>Enable a header to provide context to site visitors. You can choose to add the header
        to the top or the right of the button.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry/>
       <entry>Main Callout Title</entry>
       <entry>The text to use for the title of the header.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry/>
       <entry>Main Callout Message</entry>
       <entry>The text to use in the header.</entry>
      </row>
     </tbody>
    </tgroup>
   </table>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
