<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_user_posts">
 <title>User Posts</title>
 <shortdesc>Allow users to post, edit, flag, delete, reply to and like content in your Collections,
  with a full range of rich text formatting options.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>Livefyre Apps allow your users to post and interact with content seamlessly and intuitively.
   The Livefyre interface provides rich text and image input, the ability to Like, Flag, or Reply to
   others’ comments, as well as the ability to edit or delete your own, previous posts.</p>
  <section id="section_bty_ww2_wy">
   <title>Post</title>
   <p>Users may post content when logged in by entering a comment or media link in the editor box
    and clicking <uicontrol>Post comment</uicontrol>.</p>
   <p>To post content when not logged in, users enter a comment or media link in the editor, and
    click <uicontrol>Post comment as…</uicontrol>. The login window will appear to prompt a
    login.</p>
   <p>(Most browsers allow 8,000 character comments; Internet Explorer allows 1,500 characters.)</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_mg1_sw2_wy">
   <title>Rich Text Formatting</title>
   <p>Users may style comments using rich text formatting, including bold, italics, underline, and
    numbered and bulleted lists.</p>
   <note>Rich text formatting is not available on mobile.</note>
  </section>
  <section id="section_ubz_pw2_wy">
   <title>Reply</title>
   <p>Users may reply to any comment in a thread by clicking the Reply link for that comment.</p>
   <p>For Chat and Live Blog, replies may be enabled or disabled using the Collection’s settings
    within Studio.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_its_kw2_wy">
   <title>Like</title>
   <p>Users must be logged in to like another user’s content, and may not like their own
    content.</p>
   <p>The number of likes and up to four user avatars are displayed next to the
     <uicontrol>Like</uicontrol> button.</p>
   <p>When liking content, the <uicontrol>Like</uicontrol> link will change to
     <uicontrol>Unlike</uicontrol>. Clicking <uicontrol>Unlike</uicontrol> will remove the avatar
    for that user and decrease the number by 1.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_ubt_qwx_vy">
   <title>Edit</title>
   <p>By default, users can edit their own content within 5 minutes of posting, by clicking the
     <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> link to open an Edit text box.</p>
   <p>You may disable this feature at the Collection level using the Settings panel of Studio. The
    Settings panel may also be used to change the time during which comments may be edited at the
    network level.</p>
   <p>Moderators may edit user content at any time, both inline in the stream and from the Content
    panel.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_gbr_pwx_vy">
   <title>Delete</title>
   <p>Users may delete their own content at any time by clicking <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol>
    (displayed when hovering over the content). Moderators may click <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol>
    to remove any user’s content. (<uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol> is not available on mobile.)</p>
   <note>When a user deletes their own content, it is removed from your network and is no longer
    displayed in Studio.</note>
  </section>
  <section id="section_j3l_qvx_vy">
   <title>Flag</title>
   <p>Users may Flag another user’s content by clicking the <uicontrol>Flag</uicontrol> link
    displayed when hovering over the content.</p>
   <p>Clicking this link will display the Flag modal, allowing users to flag the content as
     <uicontrol>Offensive</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>Disagree</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>Off
     Topic</uicontrol>, or <uicontrol>Spam</uicontrol>. An optional Note and email address may be
    added with the flag.</p>
   <p>Users do not need to be signed in to flag a comment, allowing anyone to flag a comment for
    moderation, without having to create an account.</p>
   <p>To discourage other users from simply flagging flagged content, flagging a comment does not
    change its display. Flags are visible only to moderators, who may use Studio to search and view
    by flag. Moderators may also enable emails to notify them immediately when a comment is flagged
    in moderated conversations.</p>
   <p>If a moderator flags a comment as Spam, the comment will immediately be set to the Bozo state
    and removed from the stream. The Spam Filter will be updated and improved for your network,
    based on this action.</p>
   <p>You may also create Moderation Rules, to automate the actions taken on flagged comments.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_bpg_nwx_vy">
   <title>Sort</title>
   <p>Streamed content may be sorted by age, newest first (default) or oldest first, by clicking the
     <uicontrol>Newest</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Oldest</uicontrol> links at the top of the
    stream.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_ypt_qr4_h1b">
   <title>Collapse/Expand</title>
   <ul id="ul_b5q_hwx_vy">
    <li>
     <p><uicontrol>Collapse Replies</uicontrol></p>
     <p>Replies may be expanded or collapsed in the stream by clicking the <b>+ / –</b> buttons
      above the replies.</p>
    </li>
    <li>
     <p><uicontrol>Collapsed View</uicontrol></p>
    </li>
   </ul>
  </section>
  <section id="section_blk_ccj_h1b">
   <p>Apps that use User Posts:</p>
   <ul id="ul_qzp_ccj_h1b">
    <li><xref href="c_chat_app.dita#c_chat_app">Chat</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_comments_app.dita#c_comments_app">Comments</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_reviews_app.dita#c_reviews_app">Reviews</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_sidenotes_app.dita#c_sidenotes_app">Sidenotes</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_storify2.dita#c_storify2">Storify 2</xref></li>
    <li><xref href="c_upload_button_app.dita#c_upload_button_app">Upload Button</xref></li>
   </ul>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
