<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_using_reviews">
 <title>Using Reviews</title>
 <shortdesc>Options available to your users with the Reviews Apps.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>Reviews offers an intuitive user experience, which includes many standard Livefyre features.
   This page describes end user features specific to the Reviews App.</p>
  <section id="section_ozq_xlh_21b">
   <title>Rating Helpfulness</title>
   <p>Logged in users may decide if they found another user’s Review helpful or not by clicking on
    Yes or No. Clicking <uicontrol>Yes</uicontrol> will increase the overall helpfulness ratio of a review (“1 of 2
    found this helpful” will change to “2 of 3 found this helpful”) and clicking <uicontrol>No</uicontrol> will
    decrease the overall helpfulness ratio (“1 of 2 found this helpful” will change to “1 of 3 found
    this helpful”).</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_tvb_1mh_21b">
   <title>Sort Options</title>
   <p>Reviews may be sorted by the following options:</p>
   <ul id="ul_ehs_2wl_d1b">
    <li>Most helpful (default)</li>
    <li>Highest rated</li>
    <li>Lowest rated</li>
    <li>Newest</li>
    <li>Oldest</li>
   </ul>
  </section>
  <section id="section_yr2_bmh_21b">
   <title>Review Queue</title>
   <p>When a new review is posted while a user is on the page, it will be queued at the top of the
    stream. Clicking on the New Reviews image will add all new reviews to the top of the stream,
    regardless of sort order. Refreshing the page will reorder the reviews according to the
    currently selected sort order.</p>
   <p>Users writing reviews will always see their post immediately upon Save, and all moderation
    state changes will be updated and visible in real-time for all sort orders.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_lzf_cmh_21b">
   <title>Social Sharing</title>
   <p>Reviews may be shared on social networks.</p>
   <note>This feature is currently supported on the desktop version, and is not available on
    mobile.</note>
  </section>
  <section id="section_bcx_dmh_21b">
   <title>Mobile Options</title>
   <p>On mobile, Reviews supports writing and posting reviews, selecting Helpful Yes or No and
    changing the sort order.</p>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
