<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd"[]>
<dita>
  <concept id="c_using_livefyre.js_to_create_customize_and_use_apps_on_your_site">
    <title>Embed an App</title>
    <prolog>
      <metadata>
        <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager" />
      </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
      <p>Add Livefyre Apps to your web pages using the Livefyre.js embed code structure.</p>
      <p>This documentation is intended for a technical audience. For non-technical information
        about Apps, see <xref href="c_about_apps.dita#c_about_apps"/>.</p>
      <p>This section describes the code structure that you’ll need to include in your page template
        to embed Livefyre Apps on your site.</p>
      <ol id="ol_w4b_b4t_bbb">
        <li>
          <p>Create an .html file with a Livefyre placeholder.</p>
          <p>Create a new .html file in the text editor of your choice. Create a placeholder
            Livefyre <codeph>&lt;div&gt;</codeph> element in which the App will be embedded.</p>
          <codeblock>&lt;html&gt;
   &lt;head&gt; &lt;/head&gt;
   &lt;body&gt;
      &lt;div id='livefyre'&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
   &lt;/body&gt;
&lt;/html&gt;</codeblock>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Include the Livefyre.js Library.</p>
          <p>Then, include the Livefyre JS Library. Place the following reference in a
              <codeph>&lt;script&gt;</codeph> element in your <codeph>&lt;head&gt;</codeph> element.
            Then, open your page in a browser and use your browser’s web inspector to confirm that
            Livefyre is loaded.</p>
          <codeblock>&lt;head&gt;
   &lt;script src='@{livefyre_js}'&gt;&lt;/script&gt;
&lt;/head&gt;
</codeblock>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Construct the Livefyre App.</p>
          <p>Use Livefyre.require to construct both Core and SDK Apps by passing in the Livefyre
            package(s) you plan to use.</p>
          <ol id="ol_enf_34t_bbb">
            <li>
              <p>Build a Core App.</p>
              <p>To build a Core App (Comments, Live Blog, or Chat), use the following
                structure:</p>
              <codeblock>Livefyre.require(['fyre.conv#@{fyre_conv_version_prod}'], function(Conv) {
     new Conv(networkConfig, [convConfig], function(widget) {}); 
}); 
</codeblock>
            </li>
            <li>
              <p>Build an SDK App.</p>
              <p>To build an SDK App such as Media Wall or Feed, use the following structure:</p>
              <codeblock>
Livefyre.require(['app#{version_number}'],
   function (App, SDK) {
      var app = new App({
      el: document.getElementById('app'),
   });
   var collection = new SDK.Collection({
      network: "labs.fyre.co",
      environment: "livefyre.com",
      siteId: "315833",
      articleId: 'livefyre-tweets'
   });
   collection.pipe(feed);
});
</codeblock>
              <p>See <xref href="c_about_apps.dita#c_about_apps"/> for more information on specific
                Apps. It is recommended that you pin to the latest major version of the package
                (which can be found through <xref href="https://cdn.livefyre.com/packages.html"
                  format="html" scope="external">Livefyre.require</xref>), to avoid unexpected
                broken integrations.</p>
            </li>
          </ol>
        </li>
      </ol>
      <p>Next: Add authentication to your site to enable your users to post comments.</p>
    </conbody>
  </concept>
</dita>