<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_userprivacyoptout">
    <title>userPrivacyOptOut</title>
    <shortdesc>Add the <codeph>userPrivacyOptOut</codeph> flag to the page to allow a site visitor
        to opt out of this tracking. </shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>Livefyre provides JavaScript events to track user activity in your Livefyre Apps. </p>
        <p>If you embed Livefyre Apps and a visitor does not consent to tracking, you can
            dynamically configure Livefyre to disable functionality to ensure the visitor’s
            privacy.</p>
        <p>When configured, Livefyre will: </p>
        <ul id="ul_bls_tth_jdb">
            <li>
                <p>Disable authentication support in Apps.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>Disable Livecount and event generation</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>Delete existing cookies created by any Apps that are on the page</p>
            </li>
            <li>Proxy media with images from third party domains to prevent third parties from
                creating cookies</li>
            <li>
                <p>Enable video mask click-through for third party videos that require an additional
                    click to view</p>
            </li>
        </ul>
        <p><b>Configure a Page for Opt-Out</b></p>
        <p>Integrations embedding Livefyre Apps can configure Livefyre when a site visitor has not
            granted consent using a single JavaScript variable. </p>
        <p>Instructions:</p>
        <ol id="ol_o1x_snq_jdb">
            <li>
                <p>Add the <codeph>userPrivacyOptOut</codeph> flag to the page before the
                        <codeph>Livefyre.js</codeph> JavaScript:</p>
                <codeblock>window.Livefyre = {userPrivacyOptOut: true};</codeblock>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>Add <codeph>Livefyre.js</codeph> to the page anywhere after
                        <codeph>userPrivacyOptOut</codeph>. </p>
                <p>Livefyre Apps instantiate with the elevated privacy settings.</p>
                <note>Do not change the value of <codeph>userPrivacyOptOut</codeph> once Livefyre
                    Apps have loaded.</note>
            </li>
        </ol>
        <p>Ensure that your consent workflow sets the <codeph>userPrivacyOptOut</codeph> to true if
            a site visitor chooses to opt out.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
