<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_youtube_rules">
 <title>YouTube Rules</title>
 <shortdesc>You can create Stream rules that pull content from YouTube rules.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
 <conbody>
  <p>Create YouTube rules based on User, Channel or Playlist.</p>
  <p>To create YouTube Rules to pull content from YouTube into your App or Folder, you can filter
   by:</p>
  <ul id="ul_dxb_tcm_tz">
   <li><uicontrol>User</uicontrol><ul id="ul_exb_tcm_tz">
     <li>Enter the vanity string for a <uicontrol>User</uicontrol> to include videos from the User
      in the Stream.</li>
     <li>For example, If the URL of the User feed you wish to input is
      https://www.youtube.com/user/livefyresupport, simply enter livefyresupport.</li>
    </ul></li>
   <li><uicontrol>Channel</uicontrol><ul id="ul_fxb_tcm_tz">
     <li>Enter the vanity string for a <uicontrol>Channel</uicontrol> to include videos from a
      Channel in the Stream.</li>
     <li>For example, if the URL of the Channel feed you wish to input is
      https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeNZlh03MyUkjRlLFpVQxsg, simply enter
      UCeNZlh03MyUkjRlLFpVQxsg.</li>
    </ul></li>
   <li><uicontrol>Playlist</uicontrol><ul id="ul_gxb_tcm_tz">
     <li>Enter the vanity string for a <uicontrol>Playlist</uicontrol> to include videos from a
      Playlist in the Stream.</li>
     <li>For example, if the URL of the Playlist feed you wish to input is
      https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLFE5670C92BDAC201, simply enter PLFE5670C92BDAC201</li>
    </ul></li>
   <li><uicontrol>Include recent items.</uicontrol> If this is set to:<ul id="ul_hxb_tcm_tz">
     <li><uicontrol>Enabled</uicontrol>, Livefyre adds the first 15 content items in your feed to
      the stream, regardless of the publication date.</li>
     <li><uicontrol>Disabled</uicontrol>, Livefyre adds the first 15 content items in your feed to
      the stream with a publication date that is the same as the stream rule creation date or
      later.</li>
    </ul></li>
  </ul>
    <p>For additional Stream rule options for all Stream rules, see <xref
        href="c_stream_rule_options_for_all_stream_rules.dita#c_stream_rule_options_for_all_stream_rules"
        >Stream Rule Options for All Stream Rules</xref>. </p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
