<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="r_app_events">
  <title>Sidenotes App Events</title>
  <shortdesc>You can listen to events on an instance of Sidenotes. </shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section id="section_e31_5jy_ty">
      <p>Callbacks can be registered with the <codeph>onmethod</codeph> and unregistered with the
          <codeph>removeListener</codeph> method. A <codeph>once</codeph> method is available for
        convenience if the callback is to be called only once and then unregistered.</p>
      <codeblock>
var app = Livefyre.Sidenotes(convConfig);
   app.once('sidenotes.initialized', function () {
     // Sidenotes initialized! 
});</codeblock>
      <p>(For more information on Livefyre events, see the JavaScript Events page in the Reference
        section.)</p>
      <table id="table_syj_stv_sy">
        <tgroup cols="2">
          <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
          <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>Key</entry>
              <entry>Description</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry><codeph>sidenotes.initialized</codeph></entry>
              <entry>Fired when the App is instantiated, has data, and is on the page.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry><codeph>sidenotes.commentFlagged</codeph></entry>
              <entry>Fired when a comment has been flagged. Data contains: <ul id="ul_gxt_pky_ty">
                  <li><b>targetId</b>: id of the comment that was flagged</li>
                  <li><b>type</b>: flag type string (offensive, off-topic, spam, disagree)</li>
                </ul></entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry><codeph>sidenotes.commentPosted</codeph></entry>
              <entry>Fired when a comment has been posted. Data contains: <ul id="ul_dxr_rky_ty">
                  <li><b>authorId</b>: id of the author of the comment</li>
                  <li><b>bodyHtml</b>: body of the comment</li>
                  <li><b>parent</b>: id of the comment’s parent, or null</li>
                </ul></entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry><codeph>sidenotes.commentShared</codeph></entry>
              <entry>Fired when a comment has been shared. Data contains:<ul id="ul_gg5_tky_ty">
                  <li><b>targetId</b>: id of the comment that was shared</li>
                  <li><b>sharedToFacebook</b>: whether the comment was shared to Facebook</li>
                  <li><b>sharedToTwitter</b>: whether the comment was shared to Twitter</li>
                </ul></entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry><codeph>sidenotes.commentVoted</codeph></entry>
              <entry>Fired when a comment has been voted on. Data contains:<ul id="ul_nc1_3py_ty">
                  <li><b>targetId</b>: id of the comment that was voted on</li>
                  <li><b>targetAuthorId</b>: id of the author whose comment was voted on</li>
                  <li><b>type</b>: numerical vote type: 0: ‘clear’, 1: ‘upvote’, or 2:
                    ‘downvote’</li>
                </ul></entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry><codeph>sidenotes.userLoggedIn</codeph></entry>
              <entry>Fired when a user logs in. Data contains:<ul id="ul_gpc_lpy_ty">
                  <li><b>avatar</b>: avatar url for the user</li>
                  <li><b>displayName</b>: display name of the user</li>
                  <li><b>id</b>: id of the user</li>
                  <li><b>isModerator</b>: whether the user is a moderator of the current
                    collection</li>
                </ul></entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry><codeph>sidenotes.userLoggedOut</codeph></entry>
              <entry>Fired when a user logs out</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
