<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="r_comments_customizations">
  <title>Comments Customizations</title>
  <shortdesc>Customize comments to embed real-time conversations on your site.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section id="section_b4t_y3b_sy">
      <p>Use available options to allow your users to share content across Twitter, Facebook, and
        LinkedIn, and pull their friends into the stream.</p>
      <ul id="ul_s5p_dkb_sy">
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>Number of comments to load</uicontrol></p>
          <p>Enter the number of comments to display upon initial load. You may enter between 1 and
            50.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>Nest level for replies</uicontrol></p>
          <p>Defines the number of nested levels displayed for replies: 2, 3 or 4. (Default is
            4.)</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>Posts appear in cards</uicontrol></p>
          <p>If enabled, posts will be displayed within a surrounding box, and the background color
            dictated by the <uicontrol>Theme</uicontrol> selection applied.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>Expand media</uicontrol></p>
          <p>If enabled, media attachments will be displayed as fully expanded media inline in the
            stream. If disabled, media is displayed as links only.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>Number of listeners</uicontrol></p>
          <p>If enabled, the number of users active on the page will be displayed.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>User tags</uicontrol></p>
          <p>If enabled, user tags will be displayed with posted content.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>User avatars</uicontrol></p>
          <p>If enabled, user avatars will be displayed with posted content.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>Number of replies to load</uicontrol></p>
          <p>The number of replies to a comment to load. Any additional replies to a comment after
            this number will be collapsed, with a counter to display the number of replies.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>Users may upload photos</uicontrol></p>
          <p>If enabled users may upload photos.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>Users may share posts</uicontrol></p>
          <p>If enabled users may share posts. If enabled, users may share posted content to
            Twitter, Facebook, or LinkedIn. For more information on enabling sharing, see Settings >
            Integration Settings > Social Sharing.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>Featured content at top of stream</uicontrol></p>
          <p>When enabled, Featured content will be displayed above the editor in the App.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>High velocity comment queuing</uicontrol></p>
          <p>Allows you to control the speed with which comments are displayed on the page, and is
            best used for high velocity conversations. When enabled, Livefyre will list the number
            of new comments at the top of the stream, rather than displaying content in its
            entirety. Clicking this number will display the 10 oldest comments in the stream.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>Most liked comment sort</uicontrol></p>
          <p>If enabled, allows users to sort by <uicontrol>Top Comments</uicontrol> or
              <uicontrol>Hot Threads</uicontrol> (in addition to the default
              <uicontrol>Newest</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Oldest</uicontrol> sort options).</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
      <p>You can customize Comments using:</p>
      <ul id="ul_im2_jhb_sy">
        <li><uicontrol>Style</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Config</uicontrol> options for all Apps in
          the <uicontrol>App Designer</uicontrol>. See Customizing Apps for details on the standard
            <uicontrol>Style</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Config</uicontrol> options for all Apps in
          the <uicontrol>App Designer</uicontrol>.</li>
        <li><uicontrol>Integration tools</uicontrol>. See Comments for more on how to customize
          Comments using Integration Tools.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
