<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="r_configuration_options">
  <title>Sidenotes Configuration Options</title>
  <shortdesc>The Sidenotes config object is a JSON object used to specify the content that the
    Livefyre App renders on the page.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>The object contains the following parameters:</p>
      <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_rfj_cmj_yy">
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1.0*"/>
          <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1.0*"/>
          <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1.0*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>Parameter</entry>
              <entry>Type</entry>
              <entry>Description</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>authDelegate</entry>
              <entry>(required) object </entry>
              <entry>New or old style initialized authentication delegate.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>collectionMeta</entry>
              <entry>(required) object</entry>
              <entry>See collectionMeta token for more information.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>customIcon</entry>
              <entry>(optional) string </entry>
              <entry>Sets the URL of a custom launcher icon. Defaults to Livefyre bubble.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>customStyles</entry>
              <entry>(optional) object </entry>
              <entry>Adds custom styles to change the look and feel of Sidenotes. For more
                information, see Custom Styles.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>disableStream</entry>
              <entry>(optional) Boolean </entry>
              <entry>If true, disables real-time streaming in this Sidenotes instance (not in other
                comment streams). Default is false.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>environment</entry>
              <entry>(optional) string </entry>
              <entry>Specifies the Livefyre UAT environment. The only possible value is
                t402.livefyre.com. For production this parameter must be removed.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>iconVisibility</entry>
              <entry>(optional) object or string</entry>
              <entry>Defines whether the Sidenotes icon will be visible upon hover or static. If
                this is a string, it will be used for both versions of the block icon (empty and has
                Sidenotes). If an object, you must specify each type: {empty: ‘hover’, num:
                ‘static’}. Default is static.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>inlineThreads</entry>
              <entry>(optional) Boolean</entry>
              <entry>If true, Sidenote threads are inserted directly after the block with which they
                are associated. Default is false.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>numSidenotesEl</entry>
              <entry>(optional) object, string, or array </entry>
              <entry>
                <p>Specifies which element the Sidenotes count widget will decorate. (This widget
                  shows the number of sidenotes on the page and information about Sidenotes.)</p>
                <p>If the string selector matches more than one element, the first will be chosen.
                  (Uses CSS3 DOM selector spec.)</p>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>position</entry>
              <entry>(optional) string</entry>
              <entry>Determines the position of the popup when an element that has Sidenotes enabled
                is clicked. Possible values are ‘smart’, ‘left’, ‘right’, ‘bottom’. Default is
                ‘smart’ which aligns the popup to the right of the page unless there is not enough
                space (in which case it will move to below the content).</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>selectors</entry>
              <entry>(required) object, string, or array </entry>
              <entry>
                <p>Specifies the elements on which launcher icons should appear. (Uses CSS3 DOM
                  selector spec.)</p>
                <p>If object, includes an “includes” section and an “excludes” section that will
                  apply the CSS selector for any matching includes, and remove any elements matching
                  the excludes. If string, will include any matching elements on the page. If array,
                  lists the elements to include.</p>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>strings</entry>
              <entry>(optional) object</entry>
              <entry>Adds custom text strings to change any language or text throughout the
                application. For more information, see Custom Strings.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>threadContainerEl</entry>
              <entry>(optional) object, string, or array</entry>
              <entry>
                <p>Specifies an element where the thread of sidenotes will appear. This parameter
                  allows you to reposition the thread.</p>
                <p>If the string selector matches more than one element, the first will be chosen.
                  (Uses CSS3 DOM selector spec.)</p>
              </entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
