<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="r_custom_styles">
  <title>Sidenotes Custom Styles</title>
  <shortdesc>Custom styles are applied through an object injected into the Sidenotes
    constructor.</shortdesc>
  <refbody>
    <section id="section_thp_wtv_sy">
      <p> The “keys” are object keys which represent DOM elements, while “properties” are supported
        CSS properties for the particular key. For example, to customize the style of the blockBtn
        (which is the button that launches the Sidenotes popover), one would construct an object
        such as:</p>
      <codeblock>var styles = {
   'blockBtn': {
      'fontColor': '#555',
      'fontSize': '18px'
   }
};
new Livefyre.Sidenotes({
   customStyles: styles,
      ... 
})</codeblock>
      <table id="table_jjd_xtv_sy">
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
          <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
          <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry><b>Key</b></entry>
              <entry><b>Properties</b></entry>
              <entry>Description</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry><codeph>anonymousAvatar</codeph></entry>
              <entry>‘height’, ‘width’</entry>
              <entry>Anonymous avatar image, to left of text area editor.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry><codeph>blockBtn</codeph></entry>
              <entry>‘fontColor’, ‘fontSize’, ‘left’, ‘position’, ‘right’, ‘top’</entry>
              <entry>The “Launcher icon” placed next to elements specified as sidenote-able.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry><codeph>blockBtnActive</codeph></entry>
              <entry>‘fontColor’, ‘fontSize’, ‘left’, ‘position’, ‘right’, ‘top’</entry>
              <entry>Launcher icon when in an active state.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry><codeph>commentAvatar</codeph></entry>
              <entry>‘height’, ‘width’</entry>
              <entry>Avatar image to the left of top level notes.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry><codeph>commentBody</codeph></entry>
              <entry>‘fontColor’, ‘fontFamily’, ‘fontSize’, ‘fontWeight’, ‘lineHeight’</entry>
              <entry>Text body of threaded notes.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry><codeph>commentDisplayName</codeph></entry>
              <entry>‘fontColor’, ‘fontFamily’, ‘fontSize’, ‘fontWeight’, ‘lineHeight’</entry>
              <entry>Display name of user who has left a note.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry><codeph>commentDownvote</codeph></entry>
              <entry>‘fontColor’, ‘fontSize’</entry>
              <entry>Downvote button on a note.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry><codeph>commentReplyExpand</codeph></entry>
              <entry>‘backgroundColor’, ‘borderColor’, ‘borderWidth’, ‘fontColor’, ‘fontFamily’,
                ‘fontSize’, ‘fontWeight’, ‘lineHeight’</entry>
              <entry>Button for expanding threads with a large number of replies.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry><codeph>commentTags</codeph></entry>
              <entry>‘fontColor’, ‘fontFamily’, ‘fontSize’, ‘fontWeight’, ‘lineHeight’</entry>
              <entry>Tags about a user on a note.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry><codeph>commentUpvote</codeph></entry>
              <entry>‘fontColor’, ‘fontSize’</entry>
              <entry>Upvote button on a note.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry><codeph>editorTextarea</codeph></entry>
              <entry>‘height’, ‘width’, ‘fontColor’, ‘fontFamily’, ‘fontSize’, ‘fontWeight’,
                ‘lineHeight’</entry>
              <entry>Textarea input box for leaving notes.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry><codeph>mediaBlockBtn</codeph></entry>
              <entry>‘fontColor’, ‘fontSize’, ‘left’, ‘position’, ‘right’, ‘top’</entry>
              <entry>Media launcher icon when on top of a media item (img, video).</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry><codeph>mediaBlockBtnActive</codeph></entry>
              <entry>‘fontColor’, ‘fontSize’, ‘left’, ‘position’, ‘right’, ‘top’</entry>
              <entry>Media launcher icon in an active state.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry><codeph>numSidenotes</codeph></entry>
              <entry>‘fontColor’, ‘fontFamily’, ‘fontSize’, ‘fontWeight’, ‘lineHeight’,
                ‘backgroundColor’, ‘borderColor’, ‘borderWidth’, ‘height’, ‘width’</entry>
              <entry>Clickable button that shows the number of Sidenotes in the collection.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry><codeph>numSidenotesPopover</codeph></entry>
              <entry>‘fontColor’, ‘fontFamily’, ‘fontSize’, ‘fontWeight’, ‘lineHeight’,
                ‘backgroundColor’, ‘borderColor’, ‘borderWidth’, ‘height’, ‘width’</entry>
              <entry>Popover with a brief explanation of Sidenotes for the user.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry><codeph>popover</codeph></entry>
              <entry>‘backgroundColor’</entry>
              <entry>Popover that is brought up when launcher icon invoked.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry><codeph>popoverArrowLeft</codeph></entry>
              <entry>‘backgroundImage’, ‘height’, ‘left’, ‘right’, ‘top’, ‘width’</entry>
              <entry>Left arrow element on the popover that points to the DOM element containing a
                launcher icon.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry><codeph>popoverArrorRight</codeph></entry>
              <entry>‘backgroundImage’, ‘height’, ‘left’, ‘right’, ‘top’, ‘width’</entry>
              <entry>Right arrow element on the popover that points to the DOM element containing a
                launcher icon.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry><codeph>popoverArrowTop</codeph></entry>
              <entry>‘backgroundImage’, ‘height’, ‘left’, ‘right’, ‘top’, ‘width’</entry>
              <entry>Top arrow element on the popover that points to the DOM element containing a
                launcher icon.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry><codeph>replyAvatar</codeph></entry>
              <entry>‘height’, ‘width’</entry>
              <entry>Avatar image to the left of reply level notes.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry><codeph>streamPoweredBy</codeph></entry>
              <entry>‘backgroundColor’, ‘borderColor’, ‘lineHeight’</entry>
              <entry>“Powered by” footer on the popover.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry><codeph>streamQueueButton</codeph></entry>
              <entry>‘backgroundColor’, ‘borderColor’, ‘borderWidth’, ‘fontColor’, ‘fontFamily’,
                ‘fontSize’, ‘fontWeight’, ‘lineHeight’</entry>
              <entry>Button to indicate when new notes stream into an open popover.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry><codeph>userAvatar</codeph></entry>
              <entry>‘height’, ‘width’</entry>
              <entry>Authenticated user’s avatar image, to the left of the text area editor.</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
