<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="r_customize_chat">
  <title>Chat Customizations</title>
  <shortdesc>Customize Chat Apps to display content as a continuous stream of unthreaded chat,
    allowing your audience to engage in real-time conversation around live events or
    announcements.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section id="section_kjf_111_sy">
      <p>These options are available from the Chat App:</p>
      <ul id="ul_ddj_3yz_ry">
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>Number of posts to load </uicontrol></p>
          <p>Enter the number of posts to display upon initial load. You may enter between 1 and
            50.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>Posts appear in cards</uicontrol></p>
          <p>If enabled, posts will be displayed with a surrounding box, and the background color
            dictated by the <b>Theme</b> selection applied.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>Preview media</uicontrol></p>
          <p>If enabled, media attachments will be displayed as fully expanded media inline in the
            stream. If disabled, media is displayed as links only.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>Number of listeners</uicontrol></p>
          <p>If enabled, the number of users active on the page will be displayed.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>User tags</uicontrol></p>
          <p>If enabled, user tags will be displayed with posted content.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>User avatars</uicontrol></p>
          <p>If enabled, user avatars will be displayed with posted content.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>Users may share comments</uicontrol></p>
          <p>If enabled, users may share posted comments to Twitter, Facebook, or LinkedIn. For more
            information on enabling sharing, see Settings > Integration Settings > Social
            Sharing.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>Additional sort option</uicontrol></p>
          <p>Allows you to offer sort options for your end users: <uicontrol>Most liked</uicontrol>
            or <uicontrol>Most active</uicontrol>.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
      <p>You can customize Chat using:</p>
      <ul id="ul_djm_3xz_ry">
        <li><uicontrol>Style</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Config</uicontrol> options for all Apps in
          the <uicontrol>App Designer</uicontrol>. See Customizing Apps for details on the standard
            <uicontrol>Style</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Config</uicontrol> options for all Apps in
          the <uicontrol>App Designer</uicontrol>.</li>
        <li>Integration tools. See Chat for more on how to customize Chat using Integration
          Tools.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
