<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="r_feature_card_customizations">
  <title>Feature Card Customizations</title>
  <shortdesc>Change the size, width, and interaction options of the Map app.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section id="section_uds_gzm_5y">
      <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge"
        >r_feature_card_customization.dita</draft-comment>
      <p>Feature Card Apps include only standard customizations: <uicontrol>Theme</uicontrol>, Brand
        color, Font family, and Font size.</p>
      <p>You can customize Feature Cards using:</p>
      <ul id="ul_bp5_3ng_sy">
        <li>
          <uicontrol>Style</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Config</uicontrol> options for all Apps in the
            <uicontrol>App Designer</uicontrol>. See Customizing Apps for details on the standard
            <uicontrol>Style</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Config</uicontrol> options for all Apps in
          the <uicontrol>App Designer</uicontrol>.</li>
        <li>Integration tools. See App Integrations for more on how to customize Apps using
          Integration Tools.</li>
        <li>
          <uicontrol>Call-to-action button </uicontrol>
          <p>You can use the Call-to-action button with a product catalog to direct users to a
            product or to your site for further action.</p>
          <ul id="ul_mky_zxx_41b">
            <li>
              <uicontrol>Call-to-action button</uicontrol>
              <p>Switch the toggle to on to display the Call-to-action button.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <uicontrol>Require rights to display products</uicontrol>
              <p>Switch the toggle to on to require that the content owner has granted rights for
                the content before a Call-to-action button appears for the content. </p>
              <note>The content displays even if rights are not granted for the content, but the
                Call-to-action button will not display with the content unless rights for the
                content are granted.</note>
            </li>
            <li>
              <uicontrol>Call-to-action header text</uicontrol>
              <p>The words to display in the header above the Call-to-action button in the content
                modal. Default wording is, "Shop these products:".</p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <uicontrol>Call-to-action button text</uicontrol>
              <p>Customize the text on the Call-to-action button. Default text is, "Buy Now."</p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <uicontrol>Product display options</uicontrol>
              <p>Choose whether you want to display the <uicontrol>Photo</uicontrol> and the
                  <uicontrol>Product name</uicontrol> with the Call-to-action button. </p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <uicontrol>Product URL referral tracking</uicontrol>
              <p>Switch the toggle to on to track referrals from this App to the associated product
                page. </p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <uicontrol>Referral tracking key-value pairs</uicontrol>
              <p>Add parameters to further specify the referral tracking from your App content to
                the associated product page.</p>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li>
          <uicontrol>Product page filter</uicontrol><ul id="ul_d15_k3s_mbb">
            <li><uicontrol>Filter UGC by Product ID</uicontrol>. Select this option to create one
              App for multiple product pages. Filter product-specific UGC to the App for each
              product page. You can select one or more folders to associate specific collections to
              the App.</li>
            <li><uicontrol>Select Product folders</uicontrol>. Select the top-level product folders
              to use to filter UGC. Use CTRL/Command + click to select more than one folder.
              Livefyre uses the folder to determine which products in that folder to display in the
              App on various pages.</li>
            <li><uicontrol>Show related content</uicontrol>. Toggle this to display content
              published to the App, but tagged with a different product ID. After the
              product-specific content for the App displays, Livefyre displays content for other
              products and content not associated with a product. Livefyre prioritizes the content
              with the same product ID first, then content published to the App with other product
              IDs, then content published to the App with no product IDs.
              <!--Question: can you publish content to the APp with no product IDs without this being on?--></li>
          </ul></li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
