<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="r_live_blog_customizations">
  <title>Live Blog Customizations</title>
  <shortdesc>Customize the style and the way comments display on your live blog.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section id="section_e2s_qyf_sy">
      <p>Use Live Blog to post real-time updates to ongoing stories, transforming your site into an
        engaging live news source. </p>
      <ul id="ul_e1q_syf_sy">
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>Number of comments to load</uicontrol></p>
          <p>Enter the number of comments to display upon initial load. You may enter between 1 and
            50.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>Comments appear in cards</uicontrol></p>
          <p>If enabled, posts will be displayed with a surrounding box, and the background color
            dictated by the <b>Theme</b> selection applied.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>Nest levels for replies</uicontrol></p>
          <p>Defines the number of nest levels displayed for replies (2 or 3).</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>Expand media</uicontrol></p>
          <p>If enabled, media attachments will be displayed as fully expanded media inline in the
            stream. If disabled, media is displayed as links only.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>Number of listeners</uicontrol></p>
          <p>If enabled, the number of users active on the page will be displayed.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>User tags</uicontrol></p>
          <p>If enabled, user tags will be displayed with posted content.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>User avatars</uicontrol></p>
          <p>If enabled, user avatars will be displayed with posted content.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>Users can reply to posts</uicontrol></p>
          <p>If enabled, users may reply to Live Blog posts.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>Users may upload photos</uicontrol></p>
          <p>If enabled users may upload photos.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>Users may share comments</uicontrol></p>
          <p>If enabled, users may share posted content to Twitter, Facebook, or LinkedIn. For more
            information on enabling sharing, see Settings > Integration Settings > Social
            Sharing.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
      <p>You can customize Live Blog using:</p>
      <ul id="ul_yzc_zxf_sy">
        <li><uicontrol>Style</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Config</uicontrol> options for all Apps in
          the <uicontrol>App Designer</uicontrol>. See Customizing Apps for details on the standard
            <uicontrol>Style</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Config</uicontrol> options for all Apps in
          the <uicontrol>App Designer</uicontrol>.</li>
        <li>Integration tools. See Live Blog for more on how to customize Apps using Integration
          Tools.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
