<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="r_polls_customizations">
  <title>Polls Customizations</title>
  <shortdesc>Change the size, width, and interaction options of the Polls app.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section id="section_wlh_4wg_sy">
      <ul id="ul_nlc_pwg_sy">
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>Type</uicontrol></p>
          <p>Select the type of Poll you wish to create. <uicontrol>Single image</uicontrol> allows
            you to add an image for the Poll’s question. <uicontrol>Multiple image</uicontrol>
            allows you to add an image for the Poll’s answers. <uicontrol>Text only</uicontrol>
            creates a Poll without images.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>Question</uicontrol> (required)</p>
          <p>Enter the question that will be displayed for your Poll.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>Choices</uicontrol> (2 minimum)</p>
          <p>Enter the answers that will be displayed for your Poll.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>Display total votes</uicontrol></p>
          <p>If enabled, your Poll results will display the total number of votes submitted for each
            option.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>Users may share poll</uicontrol></p>
          <p>If enabled, your Poll will include a link which users may share.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>Link</uicontrol> (optional)</p>
          <p>The link to display for your Poll.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>Link title</uicontrol></p>
          <p>The title to display with the link.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>Show poll results</uicontrol></p>
          <p>If enabled, viewers will be able to see Poll results. If disabled, voters will see only
            a “Thank You” screen after completing the Poll.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><uicontrol>Disclaimer</uicontrol> (optional)</p>
          <p>An optional disclaimer to display with your Poll.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
      <p>You can customize Polls using:</p>
      <ul id="ul_cl1_gng_sy">
        <li><uicontrol>Style</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Config</uicontrol> options for all Apps in
          the <uicontrol>App Designer</uicontrol>. See Customizing Apps for details on the standard
            <uicontrol>Style</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Config</uicontrol> options for all Apps in
          the <uicontrol>App Designer</uicontrol>.</li>
        <li>Integration tools. See Polls for more on how to customize Apps using Integration
          Tools.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
