<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="r_sidenotes_features">
  <title>Sidenotes Features</title>
  <shortdesc>The Sidenotes App offers these features for your site.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section id="section_d1p_g4n_sy">
      <ul id="ul_mfy_gng_sy">
        <li>Respond to any part of a paragraph, by highlighting the text they wish to comment on,
          then clicking the pencil icon to write their Sidenote.</li>
        <li>Add Sidenotes to a paragraph, by clicking the Sidenotes icon that appears at the end of
          the paragraph, and adding their comment.</li>
        <li>Comment on an image, by clicking the Sidenotes icon at the corner of the image, and
          adding their comment.</li>
        <li>Share text to Facebook or Twitter, by selecting text, then clicking the Share to
          Facebook or Share to Twitter icon. Sharing highlighted content allows users to edit the
          text that will be shared, and sends a link to the original content with the share.</li>
        <li>Read others’ comments, by clicking the Livefyre thought bubble that shows the number of
          comments included for any part of the page.</li>
        <li>Reply to existing Sidenotes.</li>
        <li>Vote on the helpfulness of notes, and thereby push more helpful notes to the top of the
          list of annotations.</li>
        <li>Share specific Sidenotes to Facebook or Twitter by clicking the ellipses that appear
          when hovering over the note.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
