<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="r_trending_customizations">
  <title>Trending Customizations</title>
  <shortdesc>Change the size, width, and interaction options of the Map app.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <properties id="properties_gcq_vvm_5y">
      <prophead>
        <proptypehd>Element</proptypehd>
        <propdeschd>Default Text</propdeschd>
      </prophead>
      <property>
        <proptype>Site</proptype>
        <propdesc>Enter the site from which your Trends Apps will be selected.</propdesc>
      </property>
      <property>
        <proptype>Filter by App Tag</proptype>
        <propdesc>Enter an <uicontrol>App Tag</uicontrol> by which Trends will be filtered, if
          desired. Use App Tags to define specific Apps you wish to include within Trends. You may
          enter only one tag in this field.</propdesc>
      </property>
      <property>
        <proptype>App count</proptype>
        <propdesc>Enter the number of (most active) Apps to display.</propdesc>
      </property>
      <property>
        <proptype>Include bar graph</proptype>
        <propdesc>If enabled, your App will display bar graphs with the Apps list.</propdesc>
      </property>
      <property>
        <proptype>App permalinks</proptype>
        <propdesc>If enabled, clicking the title of an App will open it in a new tab.</propdesc>
      </property>
    </properties>
    <section>
      
        <p>Trending Apps allow you to showcase the most active Apps across a given site by
          displaying top Apps from most to least active, with a bar graph showing the relative
          popularity for each App displayed.</p>
      
 
        <p>You can customize Comments using:</p>
        <ul id="ul_xwz_hng_sy">
          <li><uicontrol>Style</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Config</uicontrol> options for all Apps in
            the <uicontrol>App Designer</uicontrol>. See Customizing Apps for details on the
            standard <uicontrol>Style</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Config</uicontrol> options for all
            Apps in the <uicontrol>App Designer</uicontrol>.</li>
          <li>Integration tools. See Trending for more on how to customize Apps using Integration
            Tools.</li>
        </ul>
      
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
