<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="r_upload_button_customizations">
  <title>Upload Button Customizations</title>
  <shortdesc>Change the size, width, and interaction options of the Upload Button.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <title>Integrate Upload Button</title>
      <p>Enable the upload button using an embed code.</p>
      <ul id="ul_cbl_2xm_nz">
        <li><uicontrol>Destination.</uicontrol> Choose the App you will use to display the content
          from the Upload Button. You can not display the Upload Button in Polls, Trending, or
          Storify 2. Set the destination to Moderate to moderate content users upload using the
          Upload button.</li>
        <li><uicontrol>Style Options</uicontrol><ul id="ul_jrd_qxm_nz">
            <li><uicontrol>Corners.</uicontrol> Configure the corners of the buttons to be rounded
              or square.</li>
          </ul></li>
        <li><uicontrol>Configuration</uicontrol><ul id="ul_vj5_rxm_nz">
            <li><uicontrol>Allow User Posts.</uicontrol> Choose whether end users can use the upload
              button to post text, photos or videos. If an end user is not authenticated, they will
              not be able to use the Upload Button.</li>
            <li><uicontrol>Include Title.</uicontrol> Enable end users to enter a title with the
              content they upload. By default, end-users can comment. Enabling this makes a title
              and comment as part of the content the end-user uploads.</li>
            <li><uicontrol>Require Media.</uicontrol> Require end users to upload a photo or video
              in order to post content using the Upload Button.</li>
          </ul></li>
        <li><uicontrol>Text Configuration</uicontrol><ul id="ul_onq_3j5_nz">
            <li><uicontrol>Upload Button Text.</uicontrol> Configure the text displayed on the
              Upload Button.</li>
            <li><uicontrol>Comment Modal Title.</uicontrol> Title of the window that displays when
              the end-user clicks the Upload Button.</li>
            <li><uicontrol>Comment Modal Button.</uicontrol> Text that displays in the window where
              the end-user uploads content after they click the Upload Button.</li>
            <li><uicontrol>Comment Modal Title Input.</uicontrol> Allow the end-user to enter a
              title with their upload. You can modify the content that displays here if you selected
              “Include Title.”</li>
            <li><uicontrol>Comment Modal Message Input.</uicontrol> Allow the end-user to enter a
              message with their upload.</li>
            <li><uicontrol>Confirmation Modal Title Text.</uicontrol> The title of the window that
              confirms that confirms to the end user that they uploaded content successfully.</li>
            <li><uicontrol>Confirmation Modal Description Text.</uicontrol> The text that displays
              in the window that confirms to the end user that they uploaded content
              successfully.</li>
            <li><uicontrol>Confirmation Modal Done Button.</uicontrol> The text of button that
              displays in the window that confirms to the end user that they uploaded content
              successfully.</li>
            <li><uicontrol>Enable Header.</uicontrol> Enable a header to provide context to end
              users. You can choose to add the header to the top or the right of the button. </li>
            <li><uicontrol>Main Callout Title.</uicontrol> The text to use for the title of the
              header.</li>
            <li><uicontrol>Main Callout Message.</uicontrol> The text to use in the header.</li>
          </ul></li>
      </ul>
      
        <p>You can customize Upload Button using:</p>
        <ul id="ul_dzf_z1k_yy">
          <li><uicontrol>Style</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Config</uicontrol> options for all Apps in
            the <uicontrol>App Designer</uicontrol>. See Customizing Apps for details on the
            standard <uicontrol>Style</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Config</uicontrol> options for all
            Apps in the <uicontrol>App Designer</uicontrol></li>
          <li>Integration tools. See App Integrations for more on how to customize Apps using
            Integration Tools.</li>
        </ul>
      
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
