<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_configure_aem_to_use_livefyre">
    <title>Configure AEM to Use Livefyre</title>
    <shortdesc>Configure AEM to use your organization’s Livefyre license credentials.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Find your organization’s Livefyre credentials. Open Livefyre Studio, and go to
                        <uicontrol>Settings > Integration Settings > Credentials</uicontrol>, to
                    access the following information:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <ul id="ul_zpn_mhs_pz">
                        <li><uicontrol>Network Domain</uicontrol></li>
                        <li><uicontrol>Network Key</uicontrol></li>
                        <li><uicontrol>Site ID</uicontrol></li>
                        <li><uicontrol>Site Key</uicontrol></li>
                    </ul>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Configure AEM to use this Livefyre Network and Site by creating one or more
                    Livefyre Cloud Service Configurations.</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_fhm_zys_pz">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>From the AEM Dashboard, go to <uicontrol>Tools > Deployment > Cloud
                                Services</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Scroll to the <uicontrol>Livefyre</uicontrol> section.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Configure now </uicontrol>or <uicontrol>Show
                                Configurations </uicontrol>(depending on your AEM platform).</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Click the plus sign (<uicontrol>+</uicontrol>) next to
                                <uicontrol>Available Configurations</uicontrol> to create a Livefyre
                            Configuration.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Complete the information. For more on how to complete the information
                            for Livefyre in AEM Cloud Services, see the Cloud Services Documentation
                            for AEM on docs.adobe.com.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>When the <uicontrol>Livefyre Network Configuration</uicontrol> form displays,
                    enter the Network Domain, Network Key, Site ID, and Site Key you obtained from
                    Studio, and click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                <info>If your AEM Publish and AEM Author do not share the same cryptographic key you
                    may need to repeat this process on the publisher instances. This is because the
                    Network Key and Site Key are encrypted. For more information, see Replicate the
                    Crypto Key on docs.adobe.com.</info>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result id="result_u3y_3ys_pz">You’ve now created a Livefyre Cloud Service configuration
            using your Livefyre license. You can create more than one configuration if needed. For
            example, if you wish to use a different Livefyre Site for each of the websites hosted by
            your AEM installation.</result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
