<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_create_a_linkedin_app_for_use_with_livefyre_identity">
    <title>Create a LinkedIn App for Use with Livefyre Identity</title>
    <shortdesc>You can use Livefyre Identity with LinkedIn to allow users to use their LinkedIn
        logins to interact Apps on your site.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>To enable LinkedIn login, Livefyre requires the following LinkedIn app
                information:</p>
            <ul id="ul_nzl_yyf_gz">
                <li>Consumer Key (API Key)</li>
                <li>Consumer Secret (API Secret)</li>
            </ul>
            <p>To create a LinkedIn App for use with Livefyre Identity:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Go to https://www.linkedin.com/secure/developer, and sign into your LinkedIn
                    account to create a new or select an existing app for use with Livefyre
                    Identity.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Create Application</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Complete the form to create the Application.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>In the <uicontrol>Default Application Permissions</uicontrol>, enable the
                        <uicontrol>r_basicprofile</uicontrol> and
                        <uicontrol>r_emailaddress</uicontrol> app permissions.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enter the <uicontrol>OAuth 2.0 Authorized Redirect URL</uicontrol> as
                    https://identity.livefyre.com/{network-name}.fyre.co/api/v1.0/public/profile/social/complete/linkedin_fyre.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Save the app.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>In <uicontrol>Livefyre > Integration Settings > Livefyre Identity >
                        LinkedIn</uicontrol>, switch the <uicontrol>Enable LinkedIn
                        Login</uicontrol> toggle to <uicontrol>On</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enter the LinkedIn Client ID and LinkedIn Client Secret.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Save Settings</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result id="result_s5k_2ff_3z">When complete, LinkedIn’s app details page will list the
            app’s API Key (Consumer Key) and API Secret (Consumer Secret) for use in Studio’s
            Integration Settings page.</result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
