<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_create_a_yahoo_app_for_use_with_livefyre_identity">
    <title>Create a Yahoo! App for Use with Livefyre Identity</title>
    <shortdesc>You can use Livefyre Identity with Yahoo! to allow users to use their Yahoo! logins
        to interact with Apps on your site.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>To allow your users to log in with their Yahoo credentials, Livefyre requires the
                following Yahoo App information:</p>
            <ul id="ul_jzl_yyf_gz">
                <li>Client ID (Consumer Key)</li>
                <li>Client Secret (Consumer Secret)</li>
            </ul>
            <p>To create a Yahoo! app for use with Livefyre Identity:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Go to <xref href="https://developer.yahoo.com/apps/" format="html"
                        scope="external">https://developer.yahoo.com/apps/</xref>, and sign into
                    your Yahoo! account to create a new or select an existing app for use with
                    Livefyre Identity.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Application Type: Web Application</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enter <uicontrol>Callback Domain:</uicontrol>
                    https://identity.livefyre.com</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select <uicontrol>API Permissions: Profiles (Social Directory)</uicontrol> and
                        <uicontrol>Read Public</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <p>When complete, Yahoo’s app details page will list the app’s Client ID
                        (Consumer Key) and Client Secret (Consumer Secret) for use in Studio’s
                        Integration Settings page.</p>
                    <note>If you enable Yahoo! login without creating a Yahoo! app, and if you leave
                        the Client ID and Client Secret fields in Studio blank, Livefyre will use
                        OpenID to log these users into your Livefyre Apps. OAuth and custom branding
                        will not be available in this case.</note>
                </info>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
