<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_create_a_google_project_for_use_with_livefyre_identity">
    <title>Create a Google Project for Use with Livefyre Identity</title>
    <shortdesc>You can use Livefyre Identity with Google to allow users to use their Google logins
        to interact with Apps on your site.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>To allow your users to log in with their Google credentials, Livefyre requires the
                following Google Project information:</p>
            <ul id="ul_czl_yyf_gz">
                <li>Client ID</li>
                <li>Client Secret</li>
            </ul>
            <p>To create a Google Project for use with Livefyre Identity:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Go to <xref href="https://console.cloud.google.com/project" format="html"
                        scope="external">https://console.cloud.google.com/project</xref> and log
                    into your Google account to create a new or select an existing app for use with
                    Livefyre Identity.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>From within the project Dashboard for the app, click <uicontrol>Enable and
                        Manage APIs</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>From the API Overview page, under Social APIs, click to enable the Google+
                    API.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>From the API Credentials page, select <uicontrol>Credentials > New credentials
                        > OAuth</uicontrol> client ID. In the <uicontrol>Create client
                        ID</uicontrol> page that opens:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <ul id="ul_fzl_yyf_gz">
                        <li>Select Application type: Web application.</li>
                        <li>Enter a <uicontrol>Name</uicontrol> for the <uicontrol>Client
                                ID</uicontrol>.</li>
                        <li>Leave <uicontrol>Authorized JavaScript origins</uicontrol> field
                            blank.</li>
                        <li>Enter <uicontrol>Authorized redirect URIs</uicontrol>:
                            https://identity.livefyre.com/{networkName}.fyre.co/api/v1.0/public/profile/social/complete/google_fyre
                            (where <uicontrol>{networkName}</uicontrol> is your Livefyre provided
                            network name. For example: <uicontrol>labs</uicontrol> in
                                <uicontrol>labs.fyre.co</uicontrol>.)</li>
                        <li>Click <uicontrol>Create</uicontrol> to save your credentials.</li>
                    </ul>
                </info>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result id="result_lld_p5k_3z">When complete, Google’s API Manager > Credentials page will
            list the project’s Client ID and Client secret for use in Studio’s Integration Settings
            page.</result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
