<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_customize_an_app_lf">
    <title>Customize an App</title>
    <shortdesc>Use the App Designer tab to select <uicontrol>Style</uicontrol> and
            <uicontrol>Configuration</uicontrol> options to customize your Apps. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context><uicontrol>Style</uicontrol> options are consistent across all App types;
                <uicontrol>Configuration</uicontrol> options vary by App.<p>The bottom of the Style
                and Configuration pane lists the Livefyre App version for your App. If a newer
                version of the codebase for the App exists, an <uicontrol>Update </uicontrol>button
                will also be displayed. Click the button to update to the newest release version,
                and refresh your App with all available feature enhancements and bug fixes. Once
                updated, preview changes made to your App (if any), then accept or reject the
                update.</p><p><b>Select Style Options</b></p><p>Apps may be styled to fit your
                site’s branding. Use the <uicontrol>Style</uicontrol> options to select the App’s
                color and font styles.</p><ul id="ul_bnm_33j_yy">
                <li><uicontrol>Theme</uicontrol>. Select <uicontrol>Light</uicontrol> or
                        <uicontrol>Dark</uicontrol> to define the background color for your
                    displayed content. Changes made to this setting will be immediately reflected in
                    the preview to the right. This setting controls background, content text, user
                    handle, timestamp, share button, and social icon color selection for the
                    App.</li>
                <li><uicontrol>Brand color</uicontrol>. Select a color for your App. This color will
                    be used for hashtags, URLs, usernames, @mentions, bar charts, and other
                    App-specific components, as displayed in the preview pane to the right.</li>
                <li><uicontrol>Font family</uicontrol>. Select a font for user generated content in
                    your App. Selecting Georgia or Times New Roman will assign that font to content,
                    and Helvetica Neue to usernames and display names. Selecting Helvetica, Verdana,
                    or Trebuchet will assign those fonts to content, usernames, and display
                    names.</li>
                <li><uicontrol>Font size</uicontrol>. Select a default font size. This setting will
                    affect all user generated content and titles displayed in the App.</li>
            </ul></context>
    </taskbody>
</task>
