<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_customize_carousel_studio">
    <title>Customize a Carousel Using Studio</title>
    <shortdesc>Change the size, width, and interaction options of the Carousel app.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>All Apps use <uicontrol>Style</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Config</uicontrol> options
                in the <uicontrol>App Designer</uicontrol>. See Customizing Apps for details on the
                standard <uicontrol>Style</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Config</uicontrol> options for
                all Apps in the <uicontrol>App Designer</uicontrol>.</p>
            <p>You can customize a Carousel using the following additional options in the App
                Designer:</p>
            <ul id="ul_egw_zvm_wy">
                <li>
                    <p><uicontrol>Max Number of Items</uicontrol>
                    </p>
                    <p>Sets the number of items to be displayed in the Carousel. Default is 50.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p><uicontrol>Orientation</uicontrol></p>
                    <p><uicontrol>Responsive</uicontrol>. For computer screens only</p>
                    <ul id="ul_hsh_vng_sy3">
                        <li>If the content is larger than 600 pixels, displays horizontally</li>
                        <li>If the content is smaller than 600 pixels, displays vertically</li>
                        <li><b>Vertical.</b> For computer screens or mobile devices. In mobile
                            devices, the card shrinks to fit the size of the screen.</li>
                    </ul>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <uicontrol>Call-to-action button </uicontrol>
                    <p>You can use the Call-to-action button with a product catalog to direct users
                        to a product or to your site for further action.</p><ul id="ul_mky_zxx_41b">
                        <li>
                            <uicontrol>Call-to-action button</uicontrol>
                            <p>Switch the toggle to on to display the call-to-action button.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <uicontrol>Require rights to display products</uicontrol>
                            <p>Switch the toggle to on to require that the content owner has granted
                                rights for the content before a call-to-action button appears for
                                the content. </p><note>The content displays even if rights are not
                                granted for the content, but the call-to-action button will not
                                display with the content unless rights for the content are
                                granted.</note>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <uicontrol>Show call-to-action in tile</uicontrol>. Choose whether to
                            display the call-to-action button on a tile instead of displaying the
                            call-to-action button only when the site visitor clicks on a card and
                            opens the content in a larger window.</li>
                        <li>
                            <uicontrol>Call-to-action indication text</uicontrol>
                            <p>The text to display to prompt the user to click on the card to open
                                the call-to-action modal.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <uicontrol>Call-to-action header text</uicontrol>
                            <p>The words to display in the header above the Call-to-action button in
                                the content modal. Default text is, "Shop these products:".</p>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <uicontrol>Call-to-action button text</uicontrol>
                            <p>The words to display in the Call-to-action button in the content
                                modal. Default text is, "Buy Now:".</p>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <uicontrol>Product display options</uicontrol>
                            <p>Choose whether you want to display the <uicontrol>Photo</uicontrol>
                                and the <uicontrol>Product name</uicontrol> with the Call-to-action
                                button. </p>
                            <note>Both the Photo and Product name buttons highlight blue when they
                                are enabled. </note>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <uicontrol>Product URL referral tracking</uicontrol>
                            <p>Switch the toggle to on to track referrals from this App to the
                                associated product page. </p>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <uicontrol>Referral tracking key-value pairs</uicontrol>
                            <p>Add parameters to further specify the referral tracking from your App
                                content to the associated product page.</p>
                        </li>
                    </ul>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <uicontrol>Embed App in multiple pages</uicontrol>.<ul id="ul_d15_k3s_mbb">
                        <li><uicontrol>Filter UGC by Product ID</uicontrol>. Select this option to
                            create one App for multiple product pages. Filter product-specific UGC
                            to the App for each product page. You can select one or more folders to
                            associate specific collections to the App.</li>
                        <li><uicontrol>Select Product folders</uicontrol>. Select the top-level
                            product folders to use to filter UGC. Use CTRL/Command + click to select
                            more than one folder. Livefyre uses the folder to determine which
                            products in that folder to display in the App on various pages.</li>
                        <li><uicontrol>Show related content</uicontrol>. Toggle this to display
                            content published to the App, but tagged with a different product ID.
                            After the product-specific content for the App displays, Livefyre
                            displays content for other products and content not associated with a
                            product. Livefyre prioritizes the content with the same product ID
                            first, then content published to the App with other product IDs, then
                            content published to the App with no product IDs.
                            <!--Question: can you publish content to the APp with no product IDs without this being on?--></li>
                    </ul></li>
            </ul>
        </context>
    </taskbody>
</task>
