<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="embed_an_app_on_your_site_using_livefyre.js">
    <title>Embed an App on your Site using Livefyre.js</title>
    <shortdesc>Add Livefyre Apps to your web pages using the Livefyre.js embed code
        structure.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>This documentation is intended for a technical audience.
                <!--HRK 4/14/15 link to nontechnical documentation here--><p>This section describes
                the code structure that you’ll need to include in your page template to embed
                Livefyre Apps on your site.</p>Comments
            Example<!--HRK 4/14/17 add example here?--></context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Create an .html file with a Livefyre placeholder.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <p>Create a new .html file in the text editor of your choice. Create a
                        placeholder Livefyre &lt;div>element in which the App will be embedded.</p>
                    <codeblock>&lt;html>
   &lt;head> &lt;/head>
   &lt;body>
      &lt;div id='livefyre'> &lt;/div>
   &lt;/body>
&lt;/html></codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Include the Livefyre.js Library.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <p>Then, include the Livefyre JS Library. Place the following reference in a
                        &lt;script> element in your &lt;head> element. Then, open your page in a
                        browser and use your browser’s web inspector to confirm that Livefyre is
                        loaded.</p>
                    <codeblock>&lt;head>
   &lt;script src='@{livefyre_js}'>&lt;/script>
&lt;/head>
</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Construct the Livefyre App.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <p>Use Livefyre.require to construct both Core and SDK Apps by passing in the
                        Livefyre package(s) you plan to use.</p>
                </info>
                <substeps id="substeps_flb_cyp_4z">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Build a Core App.</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <p>To build a Core App (Comments, Live Blog, or Chat), use the following
                                structure:</p>
                            <codeblock>Livefyre.require(['fyre.conv#@{fyre_conv_version_prod}'], function(Conv) {
     new Conv(networkConfig, [convConfig], function(widget) {}); 
}); 
</codeblock>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Build an SDK App.</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <p>To build an SDK App such as Media Wall or Feed, use the following
                                structure:</p>
                            <codeblock>
Livefyre.require(['app#{version_number}'],
   function (App, SDK) {
      var app = new App({
      el: document.getElementById('app'),
   });
   var collection = new SDK.Collection({
      network: "labs.fyre.co",
      environment: "livefyre.com",
      siteId: "315833",
      articleId: 'livefyre-tweets'
   });
   collection.pipe(feed);
});
</codeblock>
                            <p>See App Integrations for more information on specific Apps. It is
                                recommended that you pin to the latest major version of the package
                                (which can be found through <xref
                                    href="https://cdn.livefyre.com/packages.html" format="html"
                                    scope="external">Livefyre.require</xref>), to avoid unexpected
                                broken integrations.</p>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <postreq id="postreq_xzv_sxp_4z">Add authentication to your site to enable your users to
            post comments.</postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
