<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_enable_the_livefyre_cloud_service_for_a_page">
    <title>Enable the Livefyre Cloud Service for a Page</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Create a new page or edit an existing page. For more information on how to
                    create and edit a page, see Authoring Pages on docs.adobe.com</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Choose <b>Open Properties </b>to open the <b>Page Properties</b> dialog.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <b>Cloud Services</b>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>If you do not see a Livefyre Cloud Service Configuration, click <b>Add
                        Configuration</b>, then click <b>Livefyre</b>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>If you have more than one Livefyre Configuration, choose the one you’d like to
                    use for this page and its children.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click the <b>checkmark</b> in the top-right corner of the dialog to save.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enter Design Mode for the page to allow placement of Livefyre Components on the
                    page. For more on how to use Design Mode for a page in AEM, see Configuring
                    Components in Design Mode on docs.adobe.com.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>In the <b>Edit</b>
                    <b>dialog </b>window, scroll down in the <b>Allowed Components</b> section to
                    find <b>Livefyre</b>. You can enable all components in the category, or any
                    combination of individual components. for more information on how to enable or
                    disable components in AEM, see Configuring Components in Design Mode on
                    docs.adobe.com.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
