<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_import_ugc_content_into_aem_assets">
    <title>Import UGC Content into AEM Assets</title>
    <shortdesc>You can import Twitter and Instagram user-generated content (UGC) from Livefyre
        Studio to AEM Assets using the UGC Importer.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>Import UGC content to AEM Assets by:</p>
            <ul id="ul_hwd_gls_pz">
                <li>Accessing your Livefyre Library.</li>
                <li>Searching real-time on Twitter and Instagram using Livefyre Social Search.</li>
            </ul>
            <note>To select real-time content from Instagram in AEM Assets, you must set up social
                accounts in Livefyre. See Social Accounts for more information on how to set up
                social accounts in Livefyre.</note>
            <p>To import assets into AEM, perform the following steps:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select UGC from your Livefyre Library or real-time from Twitter or Instagram.
                    See Select UGC to Import into AEM Assets for information on how to select
                    UGC.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Manage the rights on the UGC. See Request Rights Using AEM Assets for
                    information on how to manage rights. You must have rights to the UGC content you
                    import into AEM Assets. Grant rights by:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <ul id="ul_jwd_gls_pz">
                        <li>Sending a request to the social content owner.</li>
                        <li>Manually overriding rights status.</li>
                    </ul>
                    <note>To perform a rights request in AEM Assets, you must set up Rights
                        Management in Livefyre. See <xref
                            href="t_set_up_rights_management.dita#t_set_up_rights_management"/> for
                        more information on how to set up Rights Management in Livefyre.</note>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Import</uicontrol> to complete the import process.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Publish UGC using Livefyre components or AEM default components.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
