<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_invite_a_user_to_create_a_studio_account">
    <title>Invite a User to Create a Studio Account</title>
    <shortdesc>Studio Managers and Administrators can invite new or existing users to create a
        Studio account.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>The Livefyre Technical Account Manager for your network sends the first Studio
                account invitation to create a Studio Administrator account. You provide an email
                address that the Livefyre Technical Account Manager uses to create the Studio
                Administrator account.</p>
            <note>When inviting others to join Studio, you create accounts with permission levels
                equal to or less than your own. </note>
            <note>You can grant multiple user roles to a single user. See <xref
                    href="c_user_types.dita#c_user_types">User Roles and Permissions</xref> for more
                information on what user roles and permissions you can grant.</note>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>From the <uicontrol>Users</uicontrol> page, click <uicontrol>Invite to
                        Studio.</uicontrol></cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>From the <uicontrol>Invite user</uicontrol> dialog that opens, select
                        <uicontrol>Existing User</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>New
                    User</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>To invite an existing user, enter a <uicontrol>Username</uicontrol>,
                        <uicontrol>User ID</uicontrol>, or <uicontrol>Email Address</uicontrol> in
                    the fields provided. To invite a new user, enter an <uicontrol>Email
                        address</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Add message</uicontrol> to enter a personalized invitation, if
                    desired.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select the access level for the new Account, and click
                        <uicontrol>Invite</uicontrol> to issue the invitation.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
