<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="install_livefyre_for_6.1_or_6.2">
    <title>Install Livefyre for AEM 6.1 or AEM 6.2</title>
    <shortdesc>Follow these steps to Install Livefyre for AEM 6.1 or 6.2 without AEM
        Assets.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>For more information on downloading and installing AEM packages, see Downloading and
                Installing Packages from Package Share on docs.adobe.com.</p>
            <p>To install the Livefyre for AEM package for 6.1 or 6.2:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Search AEM Package Share for “Communities.”</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click on one of the following Communities Packages that contain the Livefyre
                    package and automatically install Livefyre in AEM:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <ul id="ul_krz_ghs_pz">
                        <li>If using AEM 6.2, install the latest <xref
                                href="https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-2/deploy/communities.html#Latest%20Feature%20Pack"
                                format="html" scope="external">AEM 6.2 Communities feature
                                pack</xref></li>
                        <li>If using AEM 6.1, install the latest <xref
                                href="https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-1/deploy/communities.html#Latest%20Feature%20Pack"
                                format="html" scope="external">AEM 6.1 Communities feature
                                pack</xref></li>
                        <li><b>Note:</b> You do not need to have a communities license to use AEM
                            with Livefyre. You must have a Livefyre license to use AEM with
                            Livefyre.</li>
                    </ul>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Download the feature pack into Package Manager. Livefyre automatically installs
                    when you install Communities. To check that Livefyre is active, you can view the
                    bundle in the system console. For more information on how to view the bundle in
                    the system console, see Web Console on docs.adobe.com.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Replicate the package to your Publish instance by clicking <uicontrol>More >
                        Replicate</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
