<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_manage_folders">
    <title>Manage Asset Folders</title>
    <shortdesc>Studio offers several options by which you may manage your folders. </shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>The following options are available to manage folders and assets:</p>
            <ul id="ul_o5l_cyg_zz">
                <li><uicontrol>Favorite:</uicontrol> Click the star icon next to a folder’s name at
                    the top of the page to tag the folder, and add it to your
                        <uicontrol>Favorites</uicontrol> list.</li>
                <li><uicontrol>Upload Asset:</uicontrol> Opens a Filepicker window, from which you
                    may search for and upload content from your desktop, Flickr, URLs, or other
                    locations, to add to your Asset Library.</li>
                <li><uicontrol>Create New Subfolder:</uicontrol> Allows you to create a subfolder
                    within the currently selected folder. Subfolders inherit the Access rights of
                    their parent folder, and their Access cannot be individually managed.</li>
                <li>
                    <p><uicontrol>Trash Folder:</uicontrol> Removes the folder and its content from
                        your Asset Library.</p>
                    <note>Only folder Owners may Trash folders.</note>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p><uicontrol>Manage Access:</uicontrol> Allows you to control access to the
                        folder: <uicontrol>Open</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Restricted</uicontrol>.
                        Select <uicontrol>Open</uicontrol> to allow all Studio users within your
                        network to access the folder and its content. Select
                            <uicontrol>Restricted</uicontrol> to restrict access to a select group
                        of users.</p>
                    <note>Only those with permissions to access the folder may manage access.</note>
                </li>
                <li><uicontrol>Rename:</uicontrol> Allows you to rename the folder.</li>
            </ul>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select a folder.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Use the buttons across the top of the window to manage a folder.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
