<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_moderate_users_modq">
    <title>Moderate Users</title>
    <shortdesc>The <uicontrol>User Summary</uicontrol> pane provides user information to aid
        moderation. </shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>By default, it displays information for the author of the selected content. Click a
                flagger’s username to see their information instead.</p>
            <note>Streamed content displays only the content’s source, and the author’s username and
                avatar (if available). User moderation is not available for Stream content
                authors.</note>
            <p>The following information displays (if available) for each of your registered
                Livefyre users:</p>
            <ul id="ul_yqy_bmd_yy">
                <li><uicontrol>Username</uicontrol>: their username for your network.</li>
                <li><uicontrol>Display name</uicontrol>: their display name for your network.</li>
                <li><uicontrol>Avatar</uicontrol>: their avatar for your network.</li>
                <li><uicontrol>Total number of posts</uicontrol> by the author across the network:
                    links to a list of Content by that user in Studio. Total is displayed by the
                    number of pieces Approved, Pending, Bozo’d, or Trashed.</li>
                <li><uicontrol>Total #Flags</uicontrol>: the total number of flags applied to this
                    author’s posts.</li>
                <li><uicontrol>Join date</uicontrol>: the date they created a user account on your
                    network.</li>
                <li><uicontrol>Email</uicontrol>: their listed email address.</li>
                <li><uicontrol>IP Address</uicontrol>: their IP address, as determined by
                    Livefyre.</li>
                <li><uicontrol>Bio</uicontrol>: description of the user. </li>
                <li><uicontrol>Bans</uicontrol>: lists sites for which the user has been banned or
                    Bozo’d.</li>
                <li><uicontrol>Whitelists</uicontrol>: lists sites for which the user has been
                    whitelisted.</li>
            </ul>
            <p>For more on how you can moderate users in the App Content tab, see <xref
                    href="c_moderate_content_using_app_content.dita#c_moderate_content_using_app_content"
                />. </p>
        </context>
    </taskbody>
</task>
