<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_preview_a_story">
    <title>Preview a Story</title>
    <shortdesc>The App Designer allows you to preview your App in multiple delivery formats, and
        with your own or sample data displayed.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <note>Preview mode is not fully interactive. Users may view the preview, and see all
                content posted to the story. They will not be able to use Sidenotes or other
                commenting features in Preview mode.</note>
            <p>Preview Mode offers the following options:</p>
            <ul id="ul_oxz_4pd_ry">
                <li><uicontrol>Preview Options</uicontrol>: Use the pulldown menu to select a
                    preview format (mobile, tablet, or desktop), and whether to show Sample Data or
                    the App’s Stream data.</li>
                <li><uicontrol>Share</uicontrol>: Opens the App in a new browser tab, and generates
                    a URL, which may be used to allow friends, colleagues, or non-Studio users to
                    review your App, and test it in different browsers and devices.</li>
                <li><uicontrol>Exit Preview</uicontrol>: Returns you to edit mode.</li>
            </ul>
            <note>If Sample Data is deselected, preview will display any posts you have published
                from the editor.</note>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Preview Mode</uicontrol> to select mobile, tablet, or desktop
                    format, and whether or not to display Sample Data.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Preview Mode</uicontrol> to expand the preview to fill the
                    Studio window.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Exit Preview</uicontrol> to return to design mode.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
