<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_preview_an_app_lf">
    <title>Preview an App</title>
    <shortdesc>App Designer allows you to preview your App in multiple delivery formats, and with
        your own or sample data displayed.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>Click <uicontrol>Preview Mode</uicontrol> to select mobile, tablet, or desktop
                format, and whether or not to display <uicontrol>Sample Data</uicontrol>. Click
                    <uicontrol>Preview Mode</uicontrol> to expand the preview to fill the Studio
                window. Click <uicontrol>Exit Preview</uicontrol> to return to design mode.</p>
            <note>If <uicontrol>Sample Data</uicontrol> is deselected, and no Stream enabled for the
                App, nothing will be displayed in Preview Mode.</note>
            <p>Preview Mode offers the following options:</p>
            <ul id="ul_tkl_msw_xy">
                <li><uicontrol>Preview Options</uicontrol>: Use the pulldown menu to select a
                    preview format (mobile, tablet, or desktop), and whether to show
                        <uicontrol>Sample Data</uicontrol> or the App’s Stream data.</li>
                <li>
                    <p><uicontrol>Share</uicontrol>: Opens the App in a new browser tab, and
                        generates a URL, which may be used to allow friends, colleagues, or
                        non-Studio users to review your App, and test it in different browsers and
                        devices.</p>
                    <note>Any content posted to a review version of your App will be added to the
                        App. If you do not wish this content to appear in your published App, you
                        must delete it before clicking <b>Publish</b>.</note>
                </li>
                <li><uicontrol>Exit Preview:</uicontrol> Returns you to edit mode.</li>
            </ul>
            <note>Preview mode is fully interactive, allowing you to test the user experience for
                your App. If <uicontrol>Allow user posts</uicontrol> is enabled for your App, users
                with whom you have shared the preview link may click the <uicontrol>What’s on your
                    mind</uicontrol> button, and post content to your test version. Content will be
                listed as posted by Studio.</note>
        </context>
    </taskbody>
</task>
