<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_review_app_history_lf">
    <title>Review App History</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>App Designer will automatically save all changes made, and generate a new version for
                each change. Click <uicontrol>History</uicontrol> to open a panel listing all
                versions of your App. Listed versions will show each version’s editor, and its
                age.</p>
            <p>Click on a version to select it, and refresh the preview display in the right pane.
                Click <uicontrol>Restore Version</uicontrol> if you wish to clone the selected
                version, and begin working from it. Click the back button in the <uicontrol>Version
                    History</uicontrol> pane to revert to your working draft. Click
                    <uicontrol>Share</uicontrol> to generate a URL for the preview, which may be
                sent to co-workers or friends for review.</p>
            <note>Your App may not be edited while the <uicontrol>Version History</uicontrol> pane
                is open.</note>
            <p>If another editor makes changes while your browser window is open, a warning message
                will be issued when you try to edit the App, asking if you wish to return to your
                (older) draft version. (This prevents multiple simultaneous editors from
                accidentally ignoring each other’s changes.) Click <uicontrol>Update</uicontrol> to
                Latest to begin working from the latest version. Click
                    <uicontrol>Overwrite</uicontrol> to return to your (older) working state,
                increment the version number from the most recent, and continue working.</p>
        </context>
    </taskbody>
</task>
