<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_request_rights_using_aem_assets">
    <title>Request Rights Using AEM Assets </title>
    <shortdesc>Request rights for assets you want to import from the UGC Library, Twitter, or
        Instagram.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>You must select UGC to import into AEM Assets before you can request rights for those
                assets. You can:</p>
            <ul id="ul_azw_sms_pz">
                <li>Send a message to the owners of multiple assets at a time by using
                        <uicontrol>Bulk Message</uicontrol></li>
                <li>Override the rights for multiple assets at once using <uicontrol>Bulk Attribute
                        Content Rights</uicontrol></li>
                <li>Choose whether you want to message the content owner or manually attribute
                    content rights for each asset you selected using <uicontrol>Custom
                        Actions</uicontrol>.</li>
            </ul>
            <note>If any content item previously had rights requested or granted in the Livefyre
                platform, the status of the rights request will reflect appropriately for the
                content item.</note>
            <note>Overriding a rights request is stating that you own the content. Do not override a
                rights request without verifying that you own the content.</note>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd/>
                <info>
                    <p>Choose one of the following options under <uicontrol>Actions in
                            Bulk</uicontrol>:</p>
                    <ul id="ul_czw_sms_pz">
                        <li><uicontrol>Bulk Message</uicontrol> to send a message to the owners of
                            several assets at once</li>
                        <li><uicontrol>Bulk Attribute Content Rights</uicontrol> to override the
                            rights for multiple assets at once</li>
                        <li><uicontrol>Custom Actions</uicontrol> to choose whether to message the
                            asset owner or override the rights request for each, individual piece of
                            content. If you choose <uicontrol>Custom Actions</uicontrol>, send a
                            rights request message or modify the message for a rights request under
                            individual assets.</li>
                    </ul>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Import</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <p>You can see the status of a pending Rights Request for an asset in Livefyre
                        Studio.</p>
                    <note>If content is pending a rights request, the asset will not display in AEM
                        Assets until rights are granted. The asset automatically appears in AEM
                        Assets when a rights request is granted.</note>
                </info>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
