<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_search_for_assets">
    <title>Search Saved Assets in the Library</title>
    <shortdesc>Search for assets by different options and filters to find the right content for an
        App.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>The following options are available in the Library to assist you in finding assets. </p>
            <ul id="ul_r45_jzg_zz">
                <li><uicontrol>Folder View:</uicontrol> When a folder is selected for view, use this
                    option to define whether to display the folder’s contents only, or the contents
                    of the folder and all its subfolders.</li>
                <li><uicontrol>Contains:</uicontrol> select the content type you wish to be
                    returned: <uicontrol>Photo</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Video</uicontrol>.</li>
                <li><uicontrol>Rights:</uicontrol> select the rights request status to filter by
                    rights request status.</li>
                <li><uicontrol>Source:</uicontrol> select the source from which content should be
                    listed. <uicontrol>Uploaded</uicontrol> lists any assets added from your local
                    machine, Flickr, Dropbox, or any of the other available Filepicker options.
                        <uicontrol>Livefyre</uicontrol> lists user generated content posted directly
                    into the stream.</li>
                <li><uicontrol>Sort By:</uicontrol> use these options to sort returned content by <uicontrol>Date Added</uicontrol>
                    (to your Library), <uicontrol>Date Created</uicontrol>, or <uicontrol>Relevance</uicontrol>.</li>
                <li><uicontrol>Stars:</uicontrol> select the number of stars that must be added to
                    the Asset for it to be returned.</li>
                <li><uicontrol>Tags:</uicontrol> enter tags to search by.</li>
            </ul>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Navigate to the <uicontrol>All Assets</uicontrol> page to see all assets.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enter your search terms in the <uicontrol>Search folder</uicontrol> field
                    (keyword or author name, or tag).</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Show Filter</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Use the filters provided to narrow your search within your Library.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
