<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_set_up_rights_management">
    <title>Set up Rights Management</title>
    <shortdesc>Define the settings for requesting rights for Instagram and Twitter
        posts.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>Before you can define Rights Request Settings, you must configure one or more social
                accounts for Instagram or Twitter. For more information on how to configure a social
                account, see <xref href="c_social_accounts.dita#c_social_accounts">Social
                    Accounts</xref>.</p>
            <note>You can configure rights management at the Network level only. You cannot
                configure site-specific rights management.</note>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Within Livefyre Studio, navigate to <uicontrol>Network
                        </uicontrol><uicontrol>Settings &gt; Rights Management</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <note>You will need Moderator or Administrator network-level permissions in
                        order to set up Rights Management Accounts.</note>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select <uicontrol>+Add New Account</uicontrol> if you do not have any Rights
                    Management accounts set up. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Create New Setting</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Fill in the displayed fields. All fields are required.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <ul id="ul_y1r_mjq_vdb">
                        <li><uicontrol>Display name: </uicontrol> Enter a display name to identify
                            the Twitter or Instagram account to use for your Rights Request account.
                            This name is internal only.</li>
                        <li><uicontrol>Enabled: </uicontrol>Set to on by default. Enables rights
                            management for the account.</li>
                        <li><uicontrol>Approval hashtag:</uicontrol> The hashtag that the content
                            owner will use to indicate that they consent to use their content.</li>
                        <li><uicontrol>Terms and conditions:</uicontrol> A link to your network’s
                            Terms and Conditions for the reuse of content. This field is case
                            sensitive.</li>
                        <li><uicontrol>Network and sites:</uicontrol> The network or site for which
                            this account can request content reuse rights. To make this account
                            available across your entire network, select the first item in the list,
                            or limit to specific sites using the Command/CTRL key.</li>
                        <li><uicontrol>Default message:</uicontrol> A message to display with your
                            Rights Request. You can override this message when you request
                                rights.<ul id="ul_wst_4pk_yy">
                                <li>
                                    <p>Livefyre presents one of the default messages to moderators
                                        when a moderator issues a request to a content author.
                                        Moderators can generate another default message or edit the
                                        message before sending. Messages must include the author’s
                                        Twitter or Instagram handle ({handle}), your approval
                                        hashtag ({grantTag}), and a link to your Terms and
                                        Conditions ({termsLink}).</p>
                                    <p><uicontrol>Note:</uicontrol> {handle}, {grantTag}, and
                                        {termsLink} are all case sensitive.</p>
                                    <p><uicontrol>Note:</uicontrol> To prevent malicious use,
                                        Twitter wraps any included URLs with <xref
                                            href="https://t.co/" format="html" scope="external"
                                            >t.co</xref> formatting. To prevent your default message
                                        from exceeding 140 characters, Livefyre recommends against
                                        including URLs in your default message.</p>
                                </li>
                                <li>Best practices for writing rights request messages:<ul
                                        id="ul_xst_4pk_yy">
                                        <li>Create multiple default messages so you don’t sound like
                                            a robot. Save each default message prior to creating
                                            your next default message.</li>
                                        <li>Encourage your moderators to personalize this note
                                            before sending, to prevent your network’s requests from
                                            being tagged Spam.</li>
                                    </ul></li>
                            </ul></li>
                    </ul>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Save Settings</uicontrol> to add your Rights Request
                    account.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <postreq id="postreq_wnb_k51_21b">Send a rights request from the Asset Library. See <xref
                href="t_send_a_rights_request_to_own_a_digital_asset.dita#t_send_a_rights_request_to_own_a_digital_asset"
                >Send a Rights Request</xref> for more information on how to send a rights request
            from the Asset Library.</postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
