<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_search_for_twitter_content">
    <title>Search for Twitter Content</title>
    <shortdesc>Use Social Search to search for Twitter content to include in your Asset Library or
        publish to Apps.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Navigate to <uicontrol>Social Search</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Twitter</uicontrol> to search Twitter content.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enter a keyword, #hashtag, or @person. You can select a search type from the
                    right pulldown menu on the search bar to refine your search.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <ul id="ul_h45_rnm_zz">
                        <li><uicontrol>Subject Search: </uicontrol>the default, searches all
                            available fields for the input text.</li>
                        <li><uicontrol>User Search: </uicontrol>searches for Tweets by the input
                            author.</li>
                        <li><uicontrol>List Search:</uicontrol> searches only within the input
                            Twitter List URL.</li>
                    </ul>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>After entering your search criteria, click <uicontrol>Show Filter</uicontrol>
                    to refine your search.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <ul id="ul_i45_rnm_zz">
                        <li><uicontrol>Sort By: </uicontrol>allows you to select whether to sort
                            returned results by <uicontrol>Recently Added</uicontrol>, or
                                <uicontrol>Most Popular</uicontrol>.</li>
                        <li><uicontrol>Only Include: </uicontrol>allows you to limit returned
                            content to only that which includes <uicontrol>Links</uicontrol> or
                                <uicontrol>Media</uicontrol>.</li>
                        <li><uicontrol>Tweet Types: </uicontrol>allows you to limit returns to
                            Retweets only.</li>
                        <li><uicontrol>Location: </uicontrol>allows you to define a radius within
                            which geotagged content will be included. Use the Location modal to
                            enter a City, and use the slider bar to define the radius within which
                            content will be sourced.</li>
                        <li><uicontrol>Language: </uicontrol>allows you to filter to a selected
                            language.</li>
                    </ul>
                    <note>Social Search supports complex Twitter search queries, and all standard
                        Twitter syntax input. By default, multiple strings will be treated as an AND
                        query. Click the <uicontrol>info</uicontrol> button to see examples of valid
                        input.</note>
                </info>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
