<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_send_a_rights_request_to_own_a_digital_asset">
    <title>Send a Rights Request from the Library</title>
    <shortdesc>You can request the right to reuse the item for your commercial purposes from the
        Library.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <taskbody>
        <context>Before you can send a rights request you must:<ul id="ul_qwq_rng_zz">
                <li>Add an Instagram or Twitter social account. For more information on how to
                    configure a social account, see <xref
                        href="c_social_accounts.dita#c_social_accounts">Social Accounts</xref>.</li>
                <li>Set up Rights Management. For more information on how to set up rights
                    management, see <xref
                        href="c_how_requesting_rights_works.dita#c_how_requesting_rights_works"
                    />.</li>
            </ul></context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click on <uicontrol>Library</uicontrol> to access the Asset Library.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>(Optional) Add content to folders using the Social Search.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Open a folder and click on a piece of content that you saved from Twitter or
                    Instagram. You can see where the content originated by looking at the icon on
                    the piece of content. For example, a piece of content from Twitter has the
                    Twitter logo on it.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click on the ellipsis icon that displays when you hover over the content card
                    for <uicontrol>More Options</uicontrol>. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Rights</uicontrol> to open the <uicontrol>Rights
                        options</uicontrol> window.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select the account to use to request rights.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>(Optional) Edit the request message. If the message is missing an element or a
                    required element is misspelled, an error message displays that specifies the
                    incorrect or missing information.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Send</uicontrol> to send the request to the owner of the
                    content.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
