<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_sync_to_livefyre_with_ping_for_pull">
    <title>Sync to Livefyre with Ping for Pull</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p><b>Step 4: Sync to Livefyre with Ping for Pull</b></p>
            <p>Keeping Livefyre Remote Profiles in sync with your Capture user management system
                involves a series of steps referred to as Ping for Pull. This process requires that
                you obtain a valid access token from Janrain, and then pass that token to an
                endpoint specified in step 3, below.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Get an access code from Janrain. </cmd>
                <info>To get the access code, supply the necessary credentials, specify the
                    user_type as “user”, and the uuid as the current user’s uuid to update. For more
                    information, see <xref
                        href="http://developers.janrain.com/rest-api/methods/authentication/access-codes-and-tokens/getauthorizationcode/"
                        format="html" scope="external"
                        >http://developers.janrain.com/rest-api/methods/authentication/access-codes-and-tokens/getauthorizationcode/</xref></info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Trade the access code for an access token. Supply the necessary credentials,
                    the access code received from step 1, and specify the grant_type as
                    “authorization_code”.</cmd>
                <info>For more information, see <xref
                        href="http://developers.janrain.com/rest-api/methods/authentication/oauth/token/"
                        format="html" scope="external"
                        >http://developers.janrain.com/rest-api/methods/authentication/oauth/token/</xref></info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Hit the Livefyre “Ping to Pull Capture” endpoint. </cmd>
                <info>Endpoint URL:
                        <filepath>http://{networkName}/api/v1.1/private/capture/profile_updated/?jrtoken={token}</filepath>
                    where <i><b>{networkName}</b></i> is the network name provided to you by
                    Livefyre, and the jrtoken is the token received from Janrain in step 2. </info>
                <stepresult>Once you hit this endpoint, you receive a 202 response and Livefyre
                    begins an async process.</stepresult>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
