<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_use_streams_to_add_social_content">
    <title>Use Streams to Add Social Content to your Story</title>
    <shortdesc>Point a stream to a Storify 2 story.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <note>You cannot edit the Streams a story uses from the Storify 2 App.</note>
            <p>When SAFE Rules are enabled in Network Settings, streamed content will be filtered
                through SAFE. Unsafe content will be prevented from displaying in the Streams
                Tab.</p>
            <p>To edit or turn a stream off, go to the Streams section of the Livefyre Engagement
                Cloud. See Managing Streams for more information on how to edit, delete, and turn
                off Streams.</p>
            <p>Use a Stream in a Story to:</p>
            <ul id="ul_bkj_hlx_qy">
                <li>Prepare Streams in advance and quickly access their content while drafting your
                    Story.</li>
                <li>View a real-time feed of social media content right from the Content Pane.</li>
                <li>Manually select pieces of content from the Stream and drag and drop them where
                    it makes sense in your Story.</li>
                <li>Choose when to publish posts with streamed content as a Story unfolds.</li>
            </ul>
            <p>Before you use Streams to add social content to your Story, you must create a stream.
                To point a stream to a story:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Create a stream.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Apply the stream to a new or existing Storify 2 App.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>View the streams that a Story uses by clicking on the Streams icon on the
                    Editing Panel.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click and drag elements from the Stream tab to add them to your story.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Edit the content you insert from Streams the same way you edit other content in
                    your Story.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
