<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_use_google_amp_with_storify_2">
    <title>Use Google AMP with Storify 2</title>
    <shortdesc>Use Livefyre APIs to add Google AMP functionality to your Storify 2 page to keep the
        content interactive and SEO-friendly.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager"/>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <taskbody>
        <context id="context_d54_s2x_qy">
            <p>To use Google AMP with Storify 2, you must create a page for your Storify 2 App with
                Google AMP markup. </p>
            <p>The AMP version of the App requests updates from the original page (use the
                    <b>pollInterval</b> parameter in the <b>amp-live-list</b> API to set the
                interval for update requests). To ensure that visitors on your AMP page get the most
                up-to-date content quickly, keep a low-cache TTL on your Storify 2 AMP pages.</p>
            <p>Non-image assets (for example, videos) included as posts in a Storify 2 App must use
                HTTPS as specified by the AMP specification. AMP URLs that use Google Cloud Content
                Delivery Network (CDN) use HTTPS.</p>
            <p>To use Google AMP with Storify 2:</p>
        </context>
        <steps id="steps_e54_s2x_qy">
            <step>
                <cmd>Create an AMP-validated template on your site.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Use one or more of the following Google AMP APIs to customize your Google AMP
                    page:</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_ev5_l2x_qy">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd><xref
                                href="https://www.ampproject.org/docs/reference/components/amp-iframe"
                                format="html" scope="external">amp-iframe</xref> to customize the
                            Storify 2 display</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd><xref
                                href="https://www.ampproject.org/docs/reference/components/amp-live-list"
                                format="html" scope="external">amp-live-list</xref> to customize the
                            time interval for updates</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd><xref
                                href="https://www.ampproject.org/docs/reference/components/amp-social-share"
                                format="html" scope="external">amp-social-share</xref> to add a
                            social sharing button</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Include the contents of the following Storify 2 AMP page into the CSS for your
                    Storify 2 page within the &lt;style amp-custom> tag: <xref
                        href="https://cdn.livefyre.com/libs/liveblog-v2-component/amp.min.css"
                        format="html" scope="external"
                        >https://cdn.livefyre.com/libs/liveblog-v2-component/amp.min.css</xref></cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Include the contents of the following Storify 2 AMP markup API into your Google
                    AMP template: https://api.livefyre.com/app-service/v4/bootstrap/{{APP_ID}}/amp
                    where {{APP_ID}} is the App ID for the Storify 2 App in Livefyre Studio. </cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_fv5_l2x_qy">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>The only query parameter is <b>pollInterval</b>, which is the interval
                            in which the app will check for updates (set in milliseconds).</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>The URL includes content from the most recent posts (including Tweets,
                            videos, etc.)</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>The publisher page needs to get content from this URL as often as you
                            want the Google AMP page to be updated.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
