<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd"[]>
<dita>
  <task id="t_use_aem_for_livefyre">
    <title>Use AEM with Livefyre</title>
    <shortdesc>The Livefyre Adobe Experience Manager Package seamlessly integrates Livefyre’s
      industry-leading Social Depth Applications with your existing AEM site and creation
        tools.<draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">t_use_aem_for_livefyre.dita</draft-comment></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
      <metadata>
        <othermeta name="solution" content="Experience Manager" />
      </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <taskbody>
      <context id="context_sw5_g3h_jbb">
        <p>On this page:</p>
        <ul id="ul_yk2_3tf_kcb">
          <li>
            <xref href="#t_set_up_aem_for_livefyre" format="dita" />
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="#c_before_you_begin_aem_livefyre" format="dita" />
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="#install_livefyre_for_6.1_or_6.2" format="dita" />
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="#t_install_livefyre_to_use_aem_assets" format="dita" />
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="#t_configure_aem_to_use_livefyre" format="dita" />
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="#t_customize_single_sign_on_integration" format="dita" />
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="#t_integrate_aem_sites_and_communities" format="dita" />
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="#t_add_livefyre_components_to_individual_pages" format="dita" />
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="#t_enable_the_livefyre_cloud_service_for_a_page" format="dita" />
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="#t_add_livefyre_components_to_a_page" format="dita" />
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="#t_add_livefyre_components_to_a_template" format="dita" />
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="#t_edit_a_livefyre_component_from_an_aem_page" format="dita" />
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="#t_publish_a_livefyre_component_to_a_page" format="dita" />
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="#t_import_ugc_content_into_aem_assets" format="dita" />
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="#t_select_ugc_to_import_into_assets" format="dita" />
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="#t_request_rights_using_aem_assets" format="dita" />
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="#t_publish_ugc_in_aem_sites_or_communities" format="dita" />
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="#t_associate_products_with_ugc_using_aem_commerce" format="dita" />
          </li>
          <li>
            <xref href="#concept_xjh_dxk_1cb" format="dita" />
          </li>
        </ul>
        <p>With AEM, you can discover and publish valuable user-generated content from social
          networks to your site in minutes, using Livefyre Apps. Features in using Livefyre with AEM
          include</p>
        <ul id="ul_pqs_3cm_pz">
          <li>Automatic integration of AEM Identity Management with Livefyre’s Single Sign On
            capabilities.</li>
          <li>A suite of AEM components help your team publish Livefyre social content to your AEM
            sites and communities.</li>
          <li>Access to Livefyre Studio, including tools to discover, curate, organize, and publish
            your social content assets in real-time.</li>
          <li>Supports Touch or Classic UI for some versions of Livefyre with AEM.</li>
          <li>Supports AEM templates and JSP components.</li>
        </ul>
        <p>See a video of how AEM and Livefyre work
          together:<!--HRK 4/17/17 add embedded video here?--></p>
      </context>
    </taskbody>
  </task>
  <task id="t_set_up_aem_for_livefyre">
    <title>Set Up AEM for Livefyre</title>
    <shortdesc>Follow this series of steps to install and configure AEM for Livefyre.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
      <context id="context_tw5_q3h_jbb">
        <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">t_set_up_aem_for_livefyre.dita</draft-comment>
        <p>To install and use an AEM Sites and Assets package you need AEM 6.2 GA or 6.3 GA. To set
          up AEM for Livefyre:</p>
      </context>
      <steps id="steps_uw5_q3h_jbb">
        <step>
          <cmd>Remove any previous instances of Livefyre in your AEM system.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Back up your data and current AEM instance.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Make sure you have all the items in <xref href="c_before_you_begin_aem_livefyre.dita#c_before_you_begin_aem_livefyre">Before you
              Begin</xref>.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Perform one of the following tasks:</cmd>
          <choices id="choices_ryb_jps_pz">
            <choice>
              <xref href="t_install_livefyre_for_6.1_or_6.2.dita#install_livefyre_for_6.1_or_6.2">Install Livefyre for 6.1 or 6.2</xref>
            </choice>
            <choice>
              <xref href="t_install_livefyre_to_use_aem_assets.dita#t_install_livefyre_to_use_aem_assets">Install Livefyre to use AEM Assets</xref>
            </choice>
          </choices>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>
            <xref href="t_configure_aem_to_use_livefyre.dita#t_configure_aem_to_use_livefyre">Configure AEM to Use Livefyre.</xref>
          </cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd importance="optional">(Optional)<xref href="t_customize_single_sign_on_integration.dita#t_customize_single_sign_on_integration">Customize Single Sign-on Integration.</xref></cmd>
        </step>
      </steps>
    </taskbody>
  </task>
  <concept id="c_before_you_begin_aem_livefyre">
    <title>Before you Begin</title>
    <shortdesc>Ensure you have the items in this list in order to install and use AEM
      Communities.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
      <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">t_set_up_aem_for_livefyre.dita</draft-comment>
      <p>To install and use an AEM Communities Package, you will need:</p>
      <ul id="ul_tkd_s1s_pz">
        <li>Adobe Experience Manager 6.1, 6.2 GA or 6.3 GA<ul id="ul_ukd_s1s_pz"><li>If your organization is interested in using Livefyre with other versions of Adobe
              Experience Manager, <xref href="https://go.livefyre.com/contact" format="html" scope="external">contact Livefyre</xref> to let us know.</li></ul></li>
        <li>AEM Communities for your version of AEM<ul id="ul_vkd_s1s_pz"><li>For deployment options, see <xref href="https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-1/deploy/communities.html" format="html" scope="external">Deploying Communities</xref> on docs.adobe.com.</li></ul></li>
        <li>A Livefyre license, and an account to access Livefyre Studio<ul id="ul_wkd_s1s_pz"><li>If you already have a Livefyre license, your Account Manager can invite you to
              Livefyre Studio.</li><li>To learn more about Livefyre, <xref href="https://go.livefyre.com/contact" format="html" scope="external">contact Livefyre</xref> and tell us about your Social
              Content publishing needs. We can help!</li></ul></li>
      </ul>
    </conbody>
  </concept>
  <task id="install_livefyre_for_6.1_or_6.2">
    <title>Install Livefyre for AEM 6.1 or AEM 6.2</title>
    <shortdesc>Follow these steps to Install Livefyre for AEM 6.1 or 6.2 without AEM
      Assets.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
      <context id="context_rff_v3h_jbb">
        <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">install_livefyre_for_6.1_or_6.2.dita</draft-comment>
        <p>For more information on downloading and installing AEM packages, see Downloading and
          Installing Packages from Package Share on docs.adobe.com.</p>
        <p>To install the Livefyre for AEM package for 6.1 or 6.2:</p>
      </context>
      <steps id="steps_sff_v3h_jbb">
        <step>
          <cmd>Search AEM Package Share for “Communities.”</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Click on one of the following Communities Packages that contain the Livefyre package
            and automatically install Livefyre in AEM:</cmd>
          <info>
            <ul id="ul_krz_ghs_pz">
              <li>If using AEM 6.2, install the latest <xref href="https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-2/deploy/communities.html#Latest%20Feature%20Pack" format="html" scope="external">AEM 6.2 Communities feature pack</xref></li>
              <li>If using AEM 6.1, install the latest <xref href="https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-1/deploy/communities.html#Latest%20Feature%20Pack" format="html" scope="external">AEM 6.1 Communities feature pack</xref></li>
              <li>
                <b>Note:</b> You do not need to have a communities license to use AEM with
                Livefyre. You must have a Livefyre license to use AEM with Livefyre.</li>
            </ul>
          </info>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Download the feature pack into Package Manager. Livefyre automatically installs when
            you install Communities. To check that Livefyre is active, you can view the bundle in
            the system console. For more information on how to view the bundle in the system
            console, see Web Console on docs.adobe.com.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Replicate the package to your Publish instance by clicking <uicontrol>More &gt;
              Replicate</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        </step>
      </steps>
    </taskbody>
  </task>
  <task id="t_install_livefyre_to_use_aem_assets">
    <title>Install Livefyre to use AEM Assets</title>
    <shortdesc>Follow the steps to install and use Livefyre with AEM Assets.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
      <context id="context_m2g_mlh_jbb">
        <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">t_install_livefyre_to_use_aem_assets.dita</draft-comment>
        <p>To install AEM Assets for use with Livefyre:</p>
      </context>
      <steps id="steps_n2g_mlh_jbb">
        <step>
          <cmd>Contact your sales consultant or account manager for the bundle and the package for
            your version of AEM (6.2 GA or 6.3 GA only).</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Install the Livefyre bundle for your version AEM.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Install the AEM Assets and Sites package for your version of AEM.</cmd>
          <info>
            <note>You need to have an AEM Assets license to use AEM Assets with Livefyre. You must
              have a Livefyre license to use AEM Assets with Livefyre.</note>
          </info>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Download the package into Package Manager. Livefyre automatically installs when you
            install the bundle and package. To check that Livefyre is active, you can view the
            bundle in the system console. For more information on how to view the bundle in the
            system console, see Web Console on docs.adobe.com.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Replicate the package to your Publish instance by clicking <uicontrol>More &gt;
              Replicate</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        </step>
      </steps>
    </taskbody>
  </task>
  <task id="t_configure_aem_to_use_livefyre">
    <title>Configure AEM to Use Livefyre</title>
    <shortdesc>Configure AEM to use your organization’s Livefyre license credentials.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
      <steps id="steps_jkr_plh_jbb">
        <step>
          <cmd>
            <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">t_configure_aem_to_use_livefyre.dita</draft-comment>Find your organization’s Livefyre
            credentials. Open Livefyre Studio, and go to <uicontrol>Settings &gt; Integration Settings
              &gt; Credentials</uicontrol>, to access the following information:</cmd>
          <info>
            <ul id="ul_zpn_mhs_pz">
              <li>
                <uicontrol>Network Domain</uicontrol>
              </li>
              <li>
                <uicontrol>Network Key</uicontrol>
              </li>
              <li>
                <uicontrol>Site ID</uicontrol>
              </li>
              <li>
                <uicontrol>Site Key</uicontrol>
              </li>
            </ul>
          </info>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Configure AEM to use this Livefyre Network and Site by creating one or more Livefyre
            Cloud Service Configurations.</cmd>
          <substeps id="substeps_fhm_zys_pz">
            <substep>
              <cmd>From the AEM Dashboard, go to <uicontrol>Tools &gt; Deployment &gt; Cloud
                  Services</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </substep>
            <substep>
              <cmd>Scroll to the <uicontrol>Livefyre</uicontrol> section.</cmd>
            </substep>
            <substep>
              <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Configure now </uicontrol>or <uicontrol>Show Configurations
                </uicontrol>(depending on your AEM platform).</cmd>
            </substep>
            <substep>
              <cmd>Click the plus sign (<uicontrol>+</uicontrol>) next to <uicontrol>Available
                  Configurations</uicontrol> to create a Livefyre Configuration.</cmd>
            </substep>
            <substep>
              <cmd>Complete the information. For more on how to complete the information for
                Livefyre in AEM Cloud Services, see the Cloud Services Documentation for AEM on
                docs.adobe.com.</cmd>
            </substep>
          </substeps>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>When the <uicontrol>Livefyre Network Configuration</uicontrol> form displays, enter
            the Network Domain, Network Key, Site ID, and Site Key you obtained from Studio, and
            click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd>
          <info>If your AEM Publish and AEM Author do not share the same cryptographic key you may
            need to repeat this process on the publisher instances. This is because the Network Key
            and Site Key are encrypted. For more information, see Replicate the Crypto Key on
            docs.adobe.com.</info>
        </step>
      </steps>
      <result id="result_u3y_3ys_pz">You’ve now created a Livefyre Cloud Service configuration using
        your Livefyre license. You can create more than one configuration if needed. For example, if
        you wish to use a different Livefyre Site for each of the websites hosted by your AEM
        installation.</result>
    </taskbody>
  </task>
  <task id="t_customize_single_sign_on_integration">
    <title>Customize Single Sign-on Integration</title>
    <shortdesc>The Livefyre for AEM package includes an out-of-the-box integration between AEM
      Identity Management’s User Profiles and Livefyre’s SSO service. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
      <context id="context_y21_slh_jbb">
        <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">t_customize_single_sign_on_integration.dita</draft-comment>
        <p>When users log into your AEM site, they are also logged into Livefyre social components,
          and when a logged-out user attempts to use a Livefyre component feature that requires
          authentication (like uploading a photo), the Livefyre component can initiate user
          authentication.</p>
        <p>The default authentication integration may not be perfect for every site. To best match
          the authentication flow in your site templates, you may want to override the default
          Livefyre Authentication Delegate to meet your needs.</p>
      </context>
      <steps id="steps_z21_slh_jbb">
        <step>
          <cmd>Using CRXDE Lite, copy
              <codeph>/libs/social/integrations/livefyre/components/authorizablecomponent/authclientlib</codeph>
            to
              <codeph>/apps/social/integrations/livefyre/components/authorizablecomponent/authclientlib</codeph></cmd>
          <info />
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Edit and save<codeph>
              /apps/social/integrations/livefyre/components/authorizablecomponent/authclientlib/auth.js</codeph>
            to implement a Livefyre Auth Delegate that meets your needs. </cmd>
          <info>
            <p>For more information on customizing an Auth Delegate, see Identity Integration on
              answers.livefyre.com. </p>
            <p>For more on AEM Clientlibs, see Using Client-Side Libraries on docs.adobe.com.</p>
          </info>
        </step>
      </steps>
    </taskbody>
  </task>
  <task id="t_integrate_aem_sites_and_communities">
    <title>Integrate AEM Sites and Communities</title>
    <shortdesc>Follow these steps to use Livefyre components with AEM Sites and
      Communities.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
      <context id="context_xsy_tlh_jbb">
        <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">t_integrate_aem_sites_and_communities.dita</draft-comment>
      </context>
      <steps id="steps_ysy_tlh_jbb">
        <!--HRK 4/18/17 add links to the subsequent tasks outlined in this super task.-->
        <step>
          <cmd>Add Livefyre Components to Individual Pages or Add a Livefyre App to a Template</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Edit a Livefyre App from an AEM Page</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Publish a Livefyre App to a Page</cmd>
        </step>
      </steps>
    </taskbody>
  </task>
  <task id="t_add_livefyre_components_to_individual_pages">
    <title>Add Livefyre Components to Individual Pages</title>
    <taskbody>
      <context id="context_t1t_wlh_jbb">
        <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">t_add_livefyre_components_to_individual_pages.dita</draft-comment>
        <p>After you install and configure the Livefyre for AEM package, you can add Livefyre social
          components to any AEM page.</p>
        <p>To add Livefyre components to your page, the page must inherit a Livefyre Cloud Service
          configuration from its parent page or have the configuration added directly to the
          page.</p>
      </context>
    </taskbody>
  </task>
  <task id="t_enable_the_livefyre_cloud_service_for_a_page">
    <title>Enable the Livefyre Cloud Service for a Page</title>
    <shortdesc />
    <taskbody>
      <steps id="steps_zfz_ylh_jbb">
        <step>
          <cmd>
            <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">t_enable_the_livefyre_cloud_service_for_a_page.dita</draft-comment>Create a new page
            or edit an existing page. For more information on how to create and edit a page, see
            Authoring Pages on docs.adobe.com</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Choose <b>Open Properties </b>to open the <b>Page Properties</b> dialog.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Click <b>Cloud Services</b>.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>If you do not see a Livefyre Cloud Service Configuration, click <b>Add
              Configuration</b>, then click <b>Livefyre</b>.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>If you have more than one Livefyre Configuration, choose the one you’d like to use
            for this page and its children.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Click the <b>checkmark</b> in the top-right corner of the dialog to save.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Enter Design Mode for the page to allow placement of Livefyre Components on the page.
            For more on how to use Design Mode for a page in AEM, see Configuring Components in
            Design Mode on docs.adobe.com.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>In the <b>Edit</b><b>dialog </b>window, scroll down in the <b>Allowed Components</b> section to find
              <b>Livefyre</b>. You can enable all components in the category, or any combination of
            individual components. for more information on how to enable or disable components in
            AEM, see Configuring Components in Design Mode on docs.adobe.com.</cmd>
        </step>
      </steps>
    </taskbody>
  </task>
  <task id="t_add_livefyre_components_to_a_page">
    <title>Add Livefyre Components to a Page</title>
    <shortdesc>Add Livefyre components to a page in AEM.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
      <steps id="steps_fkt_fnh_jbb">
        <step>
          <cmd>
            <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">t_add_livefyre_components_to_a_page.dita</draft-comment>From the
              <uicontrol>Components</uicontrol> side panel, select <uicontrol>Livefyre</uicontrol>
            from the pulldown menu to limit the list to available Livefyre components.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Select a Livefyre component, and drag it into position on your page.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Once added, Livefyre Components automatically create a fresh Livefyre App to store
            and stream the social content rendered by the component. This App will be created in the
            Livefyre site and network used in the Livefyre Cloud Service Configuration for the AEM
            Page.</cmd>
          <info>
            <note>Because a new, empty Livefyre App is created for each added Livefyre component,
              the component may render with very little content before you add content using
              Livefyre Studio. For more information on how to add content to a Livefyre App from a
              page, see Edit a Livefyre Component from an AEM Page.</note>
            <p>For more information on how to insert a component, see Editing Page Content on
              docs.adobe.com.</p>
          </info>
        </step>
      </steps>
    </taskbody>
  </task>
  <task id="t_add_livefyre_components_to_a_template">
    <title>Add Livefyre Components to a Template</title>
    <shortdesc />
    <taskbody>
      <steps id="steps_kzs_jnh_jbb">
        <step>
          <cmd>
            <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">t_add_livefyre_components_to_a_page.dita</draft-comment>Access <uicontrol>CRXDE
              Lite</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Navigate to your template node.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Create a node in the location in which you want your Livefyre component. </cmd>
          <info>For more information see <xref href="https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-3/develop/templates/page-templates-editable.html" format="html" scope="external">Page Templates - Editable</xref> in the AEM 6.3
            documentation.</info>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>In the <uicontrol>Create Node</uicontrol> window, enter the following
            information:</cmd>
          <info>
            <ul id="ul_ksf_xhs_pz">
              <li>
                <b>Name:</b> sling:resourceType</li>
              <li>
                <b>Type:</b> nt:unstructured</li>
            </ul>
          </info>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>In the Properties table, add one of the following values to the Value field,
            depending on which App you would like to add to the template:</cmd>
          <info>
            <ul id="ul_lsf_xhs_pz">
              <li>To use the Card App: <b>social/integrations/livefyre/components/card</b></li>
              <li>To use the Carousel App:
                <b>social/integrations/livefyre/components/carousel</b></li>
              <li>To use the Chat App: <b>social/integrations/livefyre/components/chat</b></li>
              <li>To use the Comments App:
                <b>social/integrations/livefyre/components/comments</b></li>
              <li>To use the Feature Card App:
                <b>social/integrations/livefyre/components/card</b></li>
              <li>To use the Live Blog App:
                <b>social/integrations/livefyre/components/liveblog</b></li>
              <li>To use the Map App: <b>social/integrations/livefyre/components/map</b></li>
              <li>To use the Mosaic App: <b>social/integrations/livefyre/components/mosaic</b></li>
              <li>To use the Media Wall App:
                  <b>social/integrations/livefyre/components/mediawall</b></li>
            </ul>
          </info>
        </step>
      </steps>
    </taskbody>
  </task>
  <task id="t_edit_a_livefyre_component_from_an_aem_page">
    <title>Edit a Livefyre Component from an AEM Page</title>
    <taskbody>
      <context id="context_d41_mqh_jbb">
        <note>You can only configure or edit a Livefyre component in Livefyre Studio.</note>
        <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">t_edit_a_livefyre_component_from_an_aem_page.dita</draft-comment>
        <ol id="ol_cp3_zhs_pz">
          <li>Click the Livefyre Component to configure.</li>
          <li>Click the <b>Configure</b> item (wrench) to open the Configuration Dialog.</li>
          <li>Click <b>Livefyre Studio</b> in the toolbar to open the App in Studio.</li>
          <li>Modify the App in Studio.</li>
        </ol>
      </context>
    </taskbody>
  </task>
  <task id="t_publish_a_livefyre_component_to_a_page">
    <title>Publish a Livefyre Component to a Page</title>
    <shortdesc>Follow these steps to publish a Livefyre Component to a page in AEM.<draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">t_publish_a_livefyre_component_to_a_page.dita</draft-comment></shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
      <steps id="steps_kxk_qqh_jbb">
        <!--hrk 4/17/17 need to add links to the tasks below.-->
        <step>
          <cmd>Configure AEM to use Livefyre.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Enable the Livefyre Cloud Service for a Page</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Add a Livefyre Component to a page.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Edit the App in Livefyre Studio to stream social content into the App.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Publish the AEM page to make the App available to your AEM site or community. For
            more information on how to publish pages using AEM, see Publishing Pages on
            docs.adobe.com.</cmd>
        </step>
      </steps>
    </taskbody>
  </task>
  <task id="t_import_ugc_content_into_aem_assets">
    <title>Import UGC Content into AEM Assets</title>
    <shortdesc>You can import Twitter and Instagram user-generated content (UGC) from Livefyre
      Studio to AEM Assets using the UGC Importer.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
      <context id="context_khm_sqh_jbb">
        <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">t_import_ugc_content_into_aem_assets.dita</draft-comment>
        <p>Import UGC content to AEM Assets by:</p>
        <ul id="ul_hwd_gls_pz">
          <li>Accessing your Livefyre Library.</li>
          <li>Searching real-time on Twitter and Instagram using Livefyre Social Search.</li>
        </ul>
        <note>To select real-time content from Instagram in AEM Assets, you must set up social
          accounts in Livefyre. See Social Accounts for more information on how to set up social
          accounts in Livefyre.</note>
        <p>To import assets into AEM, perform the following steps:</p>
      </context>
      <steps id="steps_lhm_sqh_jbb">
        <step>
          <cmd>Select UGC from your Livefyre Library or real-time from Twitter or Instagram. See
            Select UGC to Import into AEM Assets for information on how to select UGC.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Manage the rights on the UGC. See Request Rights Using AEM Assets for information on
            how to manage rights. You must have rights to the UGC content you import into AEM
            Assets. Grant rights by:</cmd>
          <info>
            <ul id="ul_jwd_gls_pz">
              <li>Sending a request to the social content owner.</li>
              <li>Manually overriding rights status.</li>
            </ul>
            <note>To perform a rights request in AEM Assets, you must set up Rights Management in
              Livefyre. See <xref href="t_set_up_rights_management.dita#t_set_up_rights_management" /> for more information on how to set up Rights Management in Livefyre.</note>
          </info>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Import</uicontrol> to complete the import process.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Publish UGC using Livefyre components or AEM default components.</cmd>
        </step>
      </steps>
    </taskbody>
  </task>
  <task id="t_select_ugc_to_import_into_assets">
    <title>Select UGC to Import into Assets </title>
    <shortdesc>Select content from your Livefyre Library or run real-time searches across Twitter
      and Instagram.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
      <context id="context_r51_vqh_jbb">
        <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">t_select_ugc_to_import_into_assets.dita</draft-comment>
        <p>Selecting UGC content is the first step in importing UGC content to AEM Assets. </p>
      </context>
      <steps id="steps_s51_vqh_jbb">
        <step>
          <cmd>Log in to AEM Assets library.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Create</uicontrol>, then <uicontrol>Import UGC</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Find content:</cmd>
          <info>
            <ul id="ul_gk2_gms_pz">
              <li>From Livefyre by clicking on the <uicontrol>UGC Library</uicontrol> tab. Use the
                filters and search to find content from the UGC Library.</li>
              <li>From Twitter and Instagram by clicking on the <uicontrol>Twitter</uicontrol> or
                  <uicontrol>Instagram</uicontrol> tab and use the search or filters to find
                content.</li>
            </ul>
          </info>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Click on the assets you want to import to AEM Assets. The assets you select are
            automatically counted and saved under the <uicontrol>Selected</uicontrol> tab.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step importance="optional">
          <cmd>Review and confirm the UGC content to import. click on the
              <uicontrol>Selected</uicontrol> tab.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        </step>
      </steps>
      <postreq id="postreq_f1m_c2t_pz">Request Rights Using AEM Assets</postreq>
    </taskbody>
  </task>
  <task id="t_request_rights_using_aem_assets">
    <title>Request Rights Using AEM Assets </title>
    <shortdesc>Request rights for assets you want to import from the UGC Library, Twitter, or
      Instagram.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
      <context id="context_imz_wqh_jbb">
        <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">t_request_rights_using_aem_assets.dita</draft-comment>
        <p>You must select UGC to import into AEM Assets before you can request rights for those
          assets. You can:</p>
        <ul id="ul_azw_sms_pz">
          <li>Send a message to the owners of multiple assets at a time by using <uicontrol>Bulk
              Message</uicontrol></li>
          <li>Override the rights for multiple assets at once using <uicontrol>Bulk Attribute
              Content Rights</uicontrol></li>
          <li>Choose whether you want to message the content owner or manually attribute content
            rights for each asset you selected using <uicontrol>Custom Actions</uicontrol>.</li>
        </ul>
        <note>If any content item previously had rights requested or granted in the Livefyre
          platform, the status of the rights request will reflect appropriately for the content
          item.</note>
        <note>Overriding a rights request is stating that you own the content. Do not override a
          rights request without verifying that you own the content.</note>
      </context>
      <steps id="steps_jmz_wqh_jbb">
        <step>
          <cmd />
          <info>
            <p>Choose one of the following options under <uicontrol>Actions in Bulk</uicontrol>:</p>
            <ul id="ul_czw_sms_pz">
              <li>
                <uicontrol>Bulk Message</uicontrol> to send a message to the owners of several
                assets at once</li>
              <li>
                <uicontrol>Bulk Attribute Content Rights</uicontrol> to override the rights for
                multiple assets at once</li>
              <li>
                <uicontrol>Custom Actions</uicontrol> to choose whether to message the asset owner
                or override the rights request for each, individual piece of content. If you choose
                  <uicontrol>Custom Actions</uicontrol>, send a rights request message or modify the
                message for a rights request under individual assets.</li>
            </ul>
          </info>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Import</uicontrol>.</cmd>
          <info>
            <p>You can see the status of a pending Rights Request for an asset in Livefyre
              Studio.</p>
            <note>If content is pending a rights request, the asset will not display in AEM Assets
              until rights are granted. The asset automatically appears in AEM Assets when a rights
              request is granted.</note>
          </info>
        </step>
      </steps>
    </taskbody>
  </task>
  <task id="t_publish_ugc_in_aem_sites_or_communities">
    <title>Publish UGC in AEM Sites or Communities </title>
    <shortdesc>Display UGC on your AEM site.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
      <context id="context_ngr_yqh_jbb">
        <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">t_publish_ugc_in_aem_sites_or_communities.dita</draft-comment>
        <p>You can use UGC in AEM Sites or Communities in one of two ways:</p>
        <ul id="ul_yjx_xms_pz">
          <li>To use the content with the Social Media information it came from (for example, to
            make a piece of Twitter content come with the data from Twitter as well as the Twitter
            logo), the content must be inside a Livefyre component on an AEM Site.<ul id="ul_zjx_xms_pz"><li>Note: Any UGC content published to a Livefyre component happens in real time and
                does not go through the AEM publish workflow.</li></ul></li>
          <li>To use the content as media only (for example, to use a photo by itself on your site
            with no information about where it came from, like Twitter or Instagram), use the asset
            in an image component on an AEM Site. Video or text-only content is not supported
            outside of the UGC context.</li>
        </ul>
      </context>
    </taskbody>
  </task>
  <task id="t_associate_products_with_ugc_using_aem_commerce">
    <title>Import Product Catalogs into Livefyre with AEM Commerce </title>
    <shortdesc>AEM Commerce users can seamlessly integrate their existing product catalog into
      Livefyre to drive user engagement in Livefyre's visualization Apps.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
      <context id="context_jnt_1rh_jbb">
        <draft-comment author="ind14750" otherprops="merge">t_associate_products_with_ugc_using_aem_commerce.dita</draft-comment>
        <p>After you import the product catalog, the products show up in real time in your Livefyre
          instance. If you edit or delete items in your AEM Commerce Product Catalog, the changes
          automatically update in Livefrye. </p>
      </context>
      <steps id="steps_knt_1rh_jbb">
        <step>
          <cmd>Ensure you have the latest AEM with Livefyre package installed on your AEM instance.
            For more on how to set up AEM with Livefyre, see <xref href="t_use_aem_for_livefyre.dita#t_use_aem_for_livefyre">Use AEM with
            Livefyre</xref>. </cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Log in to AEM.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Navigate to <uicontrol>AEM Commerce</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Create a new collection or use an existing collection.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Click on <uicontrol>Collection Properties</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Sync to Livefyre</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        </step>
      </steps>
    </taskbody>
  </task>
  <concept id="concept_xjh_dxk_1cb">
    <title>Use HootSuite with AEM Livefyre</title>
    <conbody>
      <p>You can use an AEM Livefyre App with Hootsuite to stream assets from your AEM Livefyre
        libraries into Hootsuite. For more information about using the AEM Livefyre App with
        Hootsuite, see <xref href="https://apps.hootsuite.com/0/adobe-livefyre" format="html" scope="external" /></p>
    </conbody>
  </concept>
</dita>