<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="t_using_studio_to_connect_your_social_apps_to_your_livefyre_implementation">
 <title>Using Studio to Connect Your Social Apps to Your Livefyre Implementation</title>
 <shortdesc>To enable a social login, use Studio to add your social apps’ credentials to your
  Livefyre integration, and customize the Login Modal.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <section id="section_v4c_hv2_3z">
   <title>Customizing the Login Modal</title>
   <p>The Login Modal allows you to customize the information your users will see when logging into
    your apps.  You can customize the modal window.</p>
   <ul id="ul_pzl_yyf_gz">
    <li><b>Logo: </b>Upload a logo for use in your login modals.</li>
    <li><b>Font Family: </b>Select a font to match your branding.</li>
    <li><b>Brand Color: </b>Enter a hex color to be used for specific text within the modal.</li>
    <li><b>Terms &amp; Conditions URL: </b>Enter the URL for your company’s Terms and Conditions
     page. This field is required for use with Livefyre Identity.</li>
   </ul>
  </section>
  <section id="section_xxt_z52_3z">
   <title>Translating Livefyre Identity</title>
   <p>You can create and modify translation sets for text strings in Livefyre Identity.</p>
   <p>See Translation Sets for more on using translation sets with Livefyre Identity.</p>
   <p>See Livefyre Identity for more on the specific strings you can customize for Livefyre
    Identity.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="section_dlv_wzt_bbb">
   <title>Enable Login with Email</title>
   <p>Allow users to use their email addresses to log in and interact with Apps on your site.</p>
   <p>To enable login using a Livefyre native account:</p>
   <ol id="ol_s5w_yzt_bbb">
    <li>Navigate to <uicontrol>Integration Settings</uicontrol> in Livefyre Studio.</li>
    <li>Switch the <uicontrol>Enable Login with Email</uicontrol> toggle to
      <uicontrol>On</uicontrol>.</li>
   </ol>
  </section>
  <section id="section_ph3_515_bbb">
   <title>Enable Login Using a Facebook Account</title>
   <p>Connect your Facebook account to Livefyre to allow users to use their Facebook logins to
    interact with Apps on your site.</p>
   <p>To enable login using a Facebook account:</p>
   <ol id="ol_erh_w15_bbb">
    <li>Switch the <uicontrol>Enable Login with Facebook</uicontrol> toggle to
      <uicontrol>ON</uicontrol>.</li>
    <li>
     <p>Add your Facebook app’s <uicontrol>App ID</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>App
      Secret</uicontrol>.</p>
     <p>These values are listed in your Facebook developers dashboard for the app, available from
       <xref href="https://developers.facebook.com/apps/675503539257343/dashboard/" format="html"
       scope="external">https://developers.facebook.com/apps/</xref>.</p>
    </li>
   </ol>
  </section>
  <section id="section_fq3_kb5_bbb">
   <title>Enable Login with Google</title>
   <p>Connect your Google+ account to Livefyre to allow users to use their Google+ logins to
    interact with Apps on your site.</p>
   <p>To enable login using a Google+ account:</p>
   <ol id="ol_ars_lb5_bbb">
    <li>Switch the <uicontrol>Enable Login with Google</uicontrol> toggle to
      <uicontrol>ON</uicontrol>.</li>
    <li>
     <p>Add your Google app’s <uicontrol>Client ID</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Client
       secret</uicontrol>.</p>
     <p>These values are listed in your Google Cloud Platform project interface, available from
       <xref href="https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/library" format="html" scope="external"
       >https://console.cloud.google.com/</xref>. To retrieve this information, go to <uicontrol>API
       Manager > Credentials</uicontrol>, and click the project name.</p>
    </li>
   </ol>
  </section>
  <section id="section_iyz_wb5_bbb">
   <title>Enable a Login Using a Twitter Account</title>
   <p>Connect your Twitter account to Livefyre to allow users to use their Twitter logins to
    interact with Apps on your site.</p>
   <p>To enable login using a Twitter account:</p>
   <ol id="ol_x1z_dc5_bbb">
    <li>Switch the <uicontrol>Enable Login with Twitter</uicontrol> toggle to
      <uicontrol>ON</uicontrol>.</li>
    <li>
     <p>Add your Twitter app’s <uicontrol>Consumer Key (API Key)</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Consumer
       Secret (API Secret)</uicontrol>.</p>
     <p>These values are listed in your Twitter app’s <uicontrol>Keys and Access Tokens</uicontrol>
      page, available from <xref href="https://apps.twitter.com/" format="html" scope="external"
       >https://apps.twitter.com/</xref>.</p>
    </li>
   </ol>
  </section>
  <section id="section_s1q_3c5_bbb">
   <title>Enable Login Using a Yahoo! Account</title>
   <p>Connect your Yahoo! account to Livefyre to allow users to use their Yahoo! logins to interact
    with Apps on your site.</p>
   <p>To enable login using a Yahoo! account:</p>
   <ol id="ol_wbf_kc5_bbb">
    <li>Switch the <uicontrol>Enable Login with Yahoo!</uicontrol> toggle to
      <uicontrol>ON</uicontrol>.</li>
    <li>
     <p>Add your Yahoo! app’s <uicontrol>Client ID</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Client
       Secret</uicontrol>.</p>
     <p>These values are listed in the Yahoo! app details page, available from <xref
       href="https://developer.yahoo.com/apps" format="html" scope="external"
       >developer.yahoo.com/apps</xref>.</p>
    </li>
   </ol>
  </section>
  <section id="section_z42_4c5_bbb">
   <title>Enable Login Using a Microsoft Live Account</title>
   <p>Connect your Microsoft Live ID account to Livefyre to allow users to use their Microsoft Live
    ID logins to interact with Apps on your site.</p>
   <p>To enable login using a Microsoft Live ID account:</p>
   <ol id="ol_i3j_rc5_bbb">
    <li>In <uicontrol>Livefyre > Integration Settings > Livefyre Identity > Microsoft
      Live</uicontrol>, switch the <uicontrol>Enable Microsoft Live Login</uicontrol> toggle to
      <uicontrol>On</uicontrol>.</li>
    <li>Enter the <uicontrol>Microsoft Live Client ID (Private Key)</uicontrol> and
      <uicontrol>Microsoft Live Client Secret (Password)</uicontrol>. </li>
    <li>
     <p>Click <uicontrol>Save Settings</uicontrol>.</p>
     <p>The <uicontrol>Microsoft Live Client ID (Private Key)</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Microsoft
       Live Client Secret (Password)</uicontrol> values are listed in the Microsoft Live ID app
      details page.</p>
    </li>
   </ol>
  </section>
  <section id="section_on2_vc5_bbb">
   <title>Connect your Social Apps to Livefyre Identity</title>
   <p>Enable your users to use your Livefyre Identity implementation for apps on your site.</p>
   <ol id="ol_rb1_wc5_bbb">
    <li>Create an App.</li>
    <li>Navigate to <uicontrol>Studio</uicontrol> > <uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol> >
      <uicontrol>Integration Settings </uicontrol>> <uicontrol>Livefyre Identity</uicontrol>.</li>
    <li>Enter the required App credentials for the App you created.</li>
   </ol>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
